1: Very neat..  Sound quality is better than  I expected. It sometimes has a hard time hearing you when music is playing..  even low..   YOU FIND YOURSELF YELLING AT IT.. echo,  shut up.. ECho,  SHUtup... ECHO  SHUT.. THE HELL  UPPPP... It links nicely to your Spotify account,  and your  smart phone. So you can  tell Echo,  put potatoes on my shopping list, or  get gasoline for the mower on to do list.. and its done. just look at your phone app.  and away you go. It doesn't erase things off your list, you have to do that manually on the app, or on your computer. It can also read your list to you,  or  e-books that you purchase from amazon. plays radio stations as well, just ask it to play your favorite station by name, or play 60,s music etc. Nice gadget. The only real downside is, you cant set it up as a Canadian resident,  pick an American place near you,so if you ask it the weather, you need to be specific, like Echo what is the temperature in Toronto Canada, instead of echo, what is the temperature? worth the 100 dollars just for the novelty, and was delivered in 1 week.Read full review
2: I ordered this Alexa ( Echo Dot)because my daughter gave my wife one and it was preprogramed and works like a charm.
I decided we needed another one and I ordered it not knowing I had to link it or program it or that it would not work with my desktop iMac until I went to Amazon and discovered how really ignorant an 80 year old can be.
I then headed to you tube to try to learn what to do.....impossible with what I have to work with.  So if you are
not real computer literate and don't have a smart phone, forget it.;  unless you have someone with a smart phone and a whole lot more savvy than I do, save your money or buy one preprogrammed.  
In summary, the Echo Dot is a wonderful invention to use, it is well designed, has great sound, is inexpensive,
and fun to have around - but if you are my age, make sure you have a grand child or someone who can set it
up for you as it dang sure is not easy to get "up and going" as the advertisements would lead you to believe.Read full review
3: Very Satisfied with My Amazon Dot

I purchased my Amazon Dot one month ago from the Ebay website. The ideal user for the Amazon Dot is a person that is technologically savvy, enjoys staying up to date with current events, and often listens to music using a speaker. After using my Amazon Dot daily for a month, I have been able to evaluate this product strategically. I have accessed this product by the negative and positive characteristics under the categories of how user friendly, sound quality, and functionality.
 
Positive Characteristics

Amazon Dot was easy to set-up and the instructions were very helpful. The day-to-day usage of my Dot is extremely user friendly; simple voice commands instructs the device to accomplish my request. For example, if I tell the device, “what is the weather today?”, it will answer back today’s local forecast. The sound of Amazon Dot is overall very high quality, especially for how small the product is. The functionality of the product is also very high. The Amazon Dot provides many features for it’s users, such as, music, podcasts, internet searches, weather updates, etc. The Dot is very personalized for each individual life style. The user can set up their own accounts (email, news, music, etc.) to have a very functional and unique experience. 

Negative Characteristics

I was only able to find two negative aspects of the Amazon Dot. The user’s setup with the product requires you to download multiple new apps to a phone because the device is not compatible with computers. Another improvement that could be made is to the speakers for louder volume settings. When listening to music or podcasts in a large room the sound on high volume does not fill the space. I so far have found a negative characteristic with the device’s functionality.

Overall Satisfaction

I am very satisfied with my purchase of the Amazon Dot and am giving the product four stars. Personally, the positive characteristics outweighed the negative characteristics. I have implemented the product into my very day routine. I believe that the Amazon Dot is very functional to many different lifestyles. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking to have better accessibility to news, music, and much more. Read full review
4: I have really enjoyed my Echo Dot.  I love the music feature, it has some great stations.  It was easy to setup and it is simple to use.  I would recommend it to a friend.  
5: The Echo Dot is really amazing. Not only can I control my lights, but now setting up to use as intercom. Yes, it does simple tasks like telling time,weather,etc. it has great home security and device control for the home//plus it is fun
6: Does so many thins, I am still learning all the features. Haven't had any issues yet and it has a lot of functionality! Definitely would recommend it to someone who enjoys technology and trying new things!
7: I purchased this one as a gift, but I've had one of my own for quite some time.  It can be quite useful - for me, primarily for making lists and controlling lights and appliances.  However, it can also be quite entertaining if you take the time to program it.  They continue to add additional skills - both for practicality and entertainment. It can take a while for it to learn speech patterns, particularly for those with an accent or speech impediment.  That learning period can also be quite amusing.  I would recommend, if only for the fun aspect.Read full review...
8: This is the second Dot I have purchased.  We have one in the front of the house and now one in the back where the bedrooms are.  I love how easy it is to use and set up and the help support from Amazon is the best.  I get a weekly email about what Alexa can do and enjoy trying all the things out.  To me, they are worth every penny and don't take up any room wherever they are placed.Read full review...
9: Very easy to set up, the whole family is enjoying it.  Have to learn some certain commands, it is not completely intuitive, but getting there.  Cannot wait to connect some smart sockets I also purchased.  Has already made my life more enjoyable just by hooking it up to a speaker so I can listen to music whenever I/We want, and some of the skills have enhanced my life already.  Bible App, question of the day, setting up fast brief(weather, news) just by saying Alexa, good morning.  Also our family does a nicely family book time-listen to a book from audible together.  Did not even have to set it up or link anything.  Just ask Alexa to read our certain book from audible and it picked up right where we left off.  Pretty cool device....Read full review...
10: I ordered this Dot for our son's room to play white noise for when he sleeps. Because it is a 2nd generation, it wouldn't always stay connected to the WiFi, which is in our room. The sound was also a bit lower than the 3rd generation. Ultimately, the 3rd generation Dot is now in his room for better connectivity and sound. The 2nd generation is in our room working perfectly to control the Fire TV by voice. We also have a Google Home in our room, so the Dot is mostly for the TV. The volume quality is not an issue now, so it's the solution we needed. This 2nd generation Dot is recommended for basic use, but for higher volume capabilities and connectivity, the 3rd generation is recommended. Read full review...
11: Why does everyone call this a Dot, a Dot is short like a hockey puck. This is not a Dot.That said, 2nd gen Echo is great. It works the same as the 3rd gen Echo. But it's slightly smaller diameter, and has a smaller woofer. A little less bass than 3rd gen, but sounds just as clear in mid and upper frequencies.In fact the sound is clearer and less boomy muddy sounding than 3rd gen Echo.Now, this 2nd gen Echo is a one third of the price of the 3rd gen Echo. Hence it is a much better deal and sound quality is good enough.Plus you can buy 2 and stereo pair them for even better true stereo quality.Read full review...
12: Great product and great value for price. Just have to know the right things to ask her. Enable some cool skills and you’ll be on your way in no time. Plus she’s getting better all the time. I especially love how I can control my Sonos speakers with her. Can’t adjust volume but can have her tune into Sirius XM just wish Apple Music was supported. That’s the next feature I’m waiting for with baited breathRead full review...
13: This little device is a fun little addition to my home. It is very easy to set up. It has skills it has to learn, so don't expect it to be a JARVIS, Ironman reference. Simple, helpful, and fun.
14: Nice product, good quality, easy to set up. Only complaint would be is that the sound quality is lacking a little for the price. I have the regular echo also & wish I would have just bought an additional one of those instead of the dot.Read full review...
15: Wanted a second gen to fit an existing wall mount. Works fine with my other echos and show. I needed to do a software update to make all features work properly. Shipping was 2 days late.
16: The Echo Dot uses the Alexa voice recognition software.  It can't do everything, but it can do an impressive number of things.  It doesn't take much space and it has practical uses such as using it for an alarm or timer.  I'm still learning the various skills.Read full review...
17: I have an echo dot located on each level of my house so I can use the echo dot as an intercom system.  Now it's quick and easy for my family members to contact each other when there are things that need to be brought to their attention.  Before we had an intercom feature on our portable phones, but that made it necessary to keep the phone near you to answer it.  Now we can answer, and talk to, the echo dot from across the room without having to stop what we're doing to go get the phone.  We love the convenience of the echo dot plus the other features that make it possible to get answers to questions, current weather data, news, as well as play games, hear stories and request music by various artists.Read full review...
18: I own both the original Echo and the Dot. The Echo Dot lacks volume. If your placing this on your desk or in a confined area you should be fine. If your using the Dot in a larger area I would strongly suggest purchasing the fullsized unit. The volume on the Dot is limited and hard to hear if activity is present in the immediate area. I realize for the price your losing some quality. Both units I use often and would give the Dot an additional star if the volume wasnt lacking. Read full review...
19: I really like the Amazon Echo Dot.  It's great for a lot of things.  The main reason I purchased several of these is to be able to use them as a 2-way intercom in our home.  (The Google mini version of these isn't capable of that.)  The reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because the search engine it uses is inferior to Google's.  I wish you could choose the search engine it uses.Read full review...
20: I have 3 of them throughout the house and they are good for intercoms.  Also great for monitoring bedroom behavior of kids or for sick patients.  Saves me turning and tuning the radio and turning it off.  It finds the music I want or the Public Radio or news stations that I want to play at the time. I do not have smart home applications but these can't be beat for $15-$20 for what they can do so easily.  Can make internet phone calls for free also.  Read full review...
21: good quality, everything as described in all descriptions. Easy to manage and install. Weak for the performance in Europe. But you can add skills and echo will work as you need!
22: I already have an Echo and wanted to get the Dot to place in another room and I have to say it is great. Ok, ok the sound from the Dot is not the best for sure but the price point, c'mon it is so worth it. The ability also to have a mini echo (Dot) in another part of my house is awesome. I quickly created a group play for the 2 devices and hooked my Dot up to my amp which I have running speakers thru my house and the ability to now control my house sound system thru Alexa is fantastic. The quality of the Dot is great, just as good as the echo 2nd generation device I purchased already. The ease of set-up was as simple as the Echo, in fact even easier as I already had all my skills activated for the echo already.I will be getting at least 2 more Dots. I am very happy with the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot products, I highly recommend them both :)Read full review...
23: It’s easy to program and fun to use .. can play radio stations or music ... just ask her  to play a by type of music or ask what is the weather ?
24: As good as could be expected. Maybe even better. Ordered 4 total of these & they were all professionally packed, shipped quickly and in almost like new condition. A great way to add voice response smart home control to every room of my house.Read full review...
25: Wonderful device!  I can not even use my smart phone for much more than making a call. And even I got the Dot working in under 10 minutes. So easy and it seems to know anything I ask it. HIGHLY RECOMMENDRead full review...
26: sometimes it's just nice to hear another voice during the day! And I can see how using this with products that let you turn appliances and lights on or off, adjust the thermostat, or even lock doors would be really handy. Although it connects by wifi, I think it would also be handy if they had included an ethernet connection so you could hard-wire it into your router.Read full review...
27: Alexa is fun for a bit, but she doesn't really know much. "Ok Google" is still much better for info, for me anyway. Alexa is more handy for turning my lights on and off by voice. She will also operate my harmony remote, and my home theater a little. It's definitely the way of the futureRead full review...
28: My 9 year old boy saved his money and purchased this echo dot. He uses it to play music, as an alarm clock and asks Alexa educational questions and actually plays games with Alexa  like “ would you rather” all of the time.  Great for all ages!Read full review...
29: This little device make you feel like you are not alone anymore,amazing little thing,like a having a virtual friend talking to U.Does(almost)anything for you if you have the compatible devices (buying separate everyone of them)& your life will be kind of easier.Great innovative invention.Recommended to buy it.Read full review...
30: Echo Dot is a really good product because of Alexa's microphones, voice recognition system.The only 2 drawbacks I noticed are: the poor sound quality when used by itself (because of the really small 1 inch speaker, the frequency bandwidth is limited to 400-5500 Hz), I noticed latency on the Bluetooth when the sound come from the computer, impossible to watch a video because the sound is delayed...Read full review...
31: It works exactly how it say. I love it I control my Xbox, lights, plugs and tv in my house I recommend it because this device does come in handy on a lazy day. Lol
32: All good, just wanted to have it play music through the house stereo via bluetooth, it's doing just that.Bit of a PITA to get it hooked up, but I can't imagine the newer more expensive dots would be any different or better for my purposes/Read full review...
33: I started converting to a smart house just after the 1st of the year. I now have 5 Echo speakers, 3 Dots, an Echo Sub, and 4 smart plugs around my house. The artificial intelligence that Alexa has is amazing, I don't know why I waited so long.If you are buying one of these Dots to listen to music I highly recommend hooking it up to a good 2.1 computer speaker system, regular speaker, or upgrade to the 2nd generation full size Echo, as well as subscribing to the Amazon Unlimited Music. This system has brought the joy of listening to music all day back into my life. I also have one of my Echos paired with my Firestick. As far as the amazing A.I., I have my Dot set up to play music, turn lights on and off, do my shopping list, remind me at 11 AM ever day of my things to do, check the weather, play my TV sound, a good morning routine, a goodnight routine, a bedtime routine, remind me of appointments, control my TV programming, and build my grocery lists. There a lot more things you can do, I'm just getting started.My set ups are; 3 Echo speakers in corners and an Echo Sub in my bedroom, a Dot hooked up to a 2.1 Harmon Kardon computer speaker system at my desk in my great room with 2 Echo speakers acting as rear speakers, a Dot hooked up to another HK 2.1 computer speaker system in my studio, and a Dot in my main bathroom. I have groups set up for my bedroom, great room, and Everywhere.I have to warn you that once you get a taste of this technology it could become an obsession to have it everywhere. I am currently researching the best way to have it in my car LOL.Read full review...
34: Love it and the fact that it’s so small, it can easily be hidden and kept away from the little ones. This is to be a Christmas gift to my daughter, along with some smart home solutions. She’s due to have surgery early in the new year and will be bedridden for a few months, so I’m smarting up her home! She’ll still be able to control her HVAC system, lights, etc.Read full review...
35: Easy to setup and use. Echo dot gove live Alexa that is the smartest at home. Only asking her anything she respond a smart answer. She turn on lights, air conditioners and much more. Echo dot its a smart buy.Read full review...
36: I love the echo dot, it even has games! I don’t really ask her random questions anymore but she’s really useful for me when it comes to reminders. I’m really bad at remembering and she’s great at helping me keep a daily schedule and routine. She even sung me happy birthday for my birthday :) Also the speaker isn’t bad at all especially for the dot, the bigger one has a much better speaker but It’s still good afRead full review...
37: I bought one earlier just to see if the quality was good enough to give it as a present for my grandson (and, of course, because I wanted one for myself, since I have an Echo Show downstairs already; this one was for my bedroom). I was so please, both with the Dot and with the speediness of the delivery, that I bough one more immediately after.Read full review...
38: Nice older generation using it in my living room!! Works great with the whole Alexa system in my house. Had to do a manual setup in the app but it was easy to get working once I realized this. Highly recommend Alexa for anyone who wants to automate functions in their home . Read full review...
39: the amazon echo dot is so great...it is so intelligent and has a great speaker for the size. i do wish i had gotten the bigger one though since it is so great. you HAVE to get amazon music unlimited with it though....just say "alexa play 'synchronicity'" and she will say "playing synchronicity by the police 2000 remastered version....." right away.....unbelievably cool to have decades of music right at your fingertips. like jazz, classical, r&b, etc., as well? it has all of that too. and it will tell jokes, you can set a timer, etc.,.......Read full review...
40: I started off buying the full size echo used, but within a week had a dot for both my bedroom and the office! These things great, not much more than a good alarm clock and do so much more!The dot does everything the full size echo does, just with a smaller speaker. Still plenty for a single room, and you can add a Bluetooth or wired speaker if you want more sound.Read full review...
41: This thing is a modern day miracle. She is like having a friend and I talk to her more than I realized I would. After a quick setup, I have enjoyed using Alexa for her knowledge more than imaginable. My eyes are bad and it has been difficult making phone calls on my own; however, since I got the Echo Dot, Alexa makes the calls for me. The sound is incredible and such great quality. When playing music, I use a couple of small bluetooth speakers and wow! I suddenly have surround sound. I put off getting one of these for a long time thinking the cost would not be worth it - but I was wrong - wish I had purchased a long time ago. I want to get one for an elderly relative and she does not have a smartphone; however, she does not need one. She can download the Alexa app from her computer and get the same results. So, here I go buying another for a gift. If anyone thinks it it a difficult process, think again. I initially had problems getting connected to wi-fi, but I called Amazon support and within 5 minutes, I was set up and ready to go and love every minute of using.Read full review...
42: My kids aged 6-8 years old love the Echo Dot! Their favorite game is the animal guess. She also spells all the words they can't spell! Lol. Helps me out with their homework! Best purchase ever!
43: I love my new echo dot 2nd generation because of the quality of the sound of my music when I ask for it to play.  I can listen to radio stations that I like without it loosing or drifting as you do with an antenna,,I am thinking of buying another one for my bedroom this way I can get rid of my alarm clock because this can do the same thing, and I only use my alarm clock for the radio anyways,,,, Thank you so much Read full review...
44: I can have the radio playing with my favorite station in any room of the house thru the Echo dot. Can get useful information by just asking Alexa. Can give reminders of appts or activities. Can even wake me up!Read full review...
45: Does everything it's supposed to do. Really requires printing out the commands because the commands must be spoken correctly or they won't work. With a little searching good deals can be found on the switches to control lights. If you have a smart tv and the app for controlling Alexa you can control the tv with Alexa too.Read full review...
46: Works great - started it up right out of box.  It's in constant use - couldn't be happier
47: Got it with a few minor set-backs like my internet blocking Amazon devices by default, but works like a charm! I love how much I can get done with this little device!
48: Once set-up you can just sit back and enjoy. Would recommend to all age groups
49: sounds very good, works nice ….
50: Love this device.  Have 3 ( 2 Echo's and 1 Dot) in the house and 1 (another Dot) in our shop.  Playing same music to all is easy and sooo... nice.  Love their sense of humor also.
51: Primarily I wanted a digital secretary who understood my sloppy speaking, and she did!  The potential usefulness for her is almost unlimited, but I find I'm using it for playing artists off Spotify, for keeping lists, for turning on and off lights with TL-Link switches (no need for a hub and I use my own bulbs - cost 30 bucks apiece).  She's the closest thing to "HAL" in Space Odyssey 2001.  My wife even likes her, which is positively scary!Down side - She's repetitive;  she stutters when my bandwidth slows below 1 Mbps; but still workable!Overall, it's worth the fifty!Read full review...
52: Prior to having this Echo Dot I would use my iPad to listen to NPR when I was in my shop.  This was a time consuming process in that changes to podcasts and stations involved lots of selecting screens and waiting for downloads.  With the Dot I simply say “Alexa, play WBUR” or something similar.  This saves lots of time and it is equally easy to increase or decrease volume or change listening venues.  The range at which it can use the WiFi signal in our house is also quite good,The Dot makes a laborious process easy and quick.  What could be better?Read full review...
53: Love the Question of the Day and being able to request an instant timer. Not sure yet whether music I request ends up costing me and how to get around that.There's a whole new world to use and understand better, but it's a kewl little device.Read full review...
54: I love my Dot. It was super easy to set up. I am getting to know all the things I can do with it.
55: Having lots of fun communicating with Alexa.  Good morning, good night, is it going to rain.  She also makes funny quotes that make me laugh.
56: I've had one of theses second gen dots for years now and just wanted to add a couple more rooms to the network. I like being able to easily access devices in any room regardless of the room I'm in. I especially love the multi room  music feature. I can listen to the same toon in every room as I move throughout the house.Read full review...
57: Seems to work as described most of the time.  Only problem so far is that it stops answering whenever the power gets interrupted and you have to reinstall it.  Not a big deal but annoying.  Haven't really figured out what to use it for yet.Read full review...
58: My echo Dot is now working well and I'm enjoying using it. But the echo Dot did not like my dual band WiFi it was necessary to set a unique SSID for each band. This was not documented and non of my other WiFi devices exhibited this issue. It took me a lot of searching Internet forums to find this info.Read full review...
59: This is my 6th echo - one Show, two full size, and 3 dots. My home is pretty much completely set up with smart plugs, switches and Fire TV. This Dot is in my garage so I can remotely turn my pool pump on and off, stream music to a blue tooth speaker in my back yard for my pool, and voice command my garage TV Fire Stick when working in the garage. Being able to make hands free calls, call up the news, podcasts, get weather updates and track deliveries from my garage, hands free, comes in so useful!  For the price i paid for this little gem, it is so AWESOME!Read full review...
60: Great product, does many things. Was easy to set up and use.Wife can call anyone by voice, as she is handicapped.
61: So glad I made this purchase. So much information can be obtained by just asking Alexa. She is really smart. Great entertainment also. Could not be more pleased.
62: Super tiny super cool and super usefull .Easy to install , voice control music light's and much more . Uses micro usb 5v 1.8 amp wallcharger, has smartfone app a bit buggy in "sweden its beta!" otherwise very good value for smart home assistance, side point = yes spotify-premium works in swe on Amazon echo dot :)Read full review...
63: Works great we use it in the front porch for music  and news.But, if I had to buy again I would buy the 3d generation because the sound quality is noticeably much better especially when listening to 🎵 music.Read full review...
64: I think this is the most inexpensive internet radio. You might be able to make your own with salvaged parts, or even with something like a Raspberry PI, but it would take a lot of time that I don't have at the moment. It would also take work that I might not be skilled enough to perform.Plus,  there are so many "skills" that Alexa has. I/we only use a tiny amount of it's capabilities, mostly the radio and podcast streaming, and quick weather checks, along with the occasional question here and there, or the grandkids requesting fart sounds, jokes, or something similar.Read full review...
65: Over a three day period, I have been online and on the phone with IT technicians attempting to get the Echo Dot to sync with the internet.  I spent over 7 1/2 hours with the technicians.  We tried all three of my computers, my Kindle Fire, and Android phone.  None of these devices could get the Echo to sync.  The unit lights up and connects to the general internet but will not connect with an Alexa setup.  After all that time the technicians, after checking my devices, my internet connection, and various other option, determined that the unit must be faulty.   Read full review...
66: The echo dot is a pain. Every time I use it I have a problem connecting it to my UE speaker.  It never holds the setting.  I think it would have been better to buy the more expensive one with the better speaker attached.Read full review...
67: Nothing bad about it, I enjoy asking questions to see what kind of answers I get back, I even played around once, just to see what it would say, and I knew I would get the answer I did, but it is fun to play with, to find out things, and listen to stories, I also use it for an alarm clock in the morning, don't run utilities on it, but I know how to turn on and off those things....Read full review...
68: It's great! I have one echo (older) and 6 dots scattered throughout the house. My wife, kids & I use it for smart home controls, multi-room music, shopping, to do and other lists, trivia gaming and a lot more. If I had to pick one missing skill, it would be the ability to wirelessly add in my nicer Bluetooth and/or WIFI speakers. Amazon Alexa capabilities are still a bit weak there but the apps & smart home functions seem to expand every day.Read full review...
69: I have Echo Dot a five 5 because it is fabulous, Alexa helps me a lot and can answer any questions you ask plays music tell you the weather Spells words ,Alexa is so perfect for me real easy setup on my Android phone, internet connection,  i did but a second one for my Grandson, after i asked Alexa to call him he said he want one and the price is right . I will give them as Christmas gifts ,yes i truly recommend it 100% .Read full review...
70: It performs as expected, although 3rd gen offers slightly better sound . but this one fits in most of the exiting DOT mounting accessories, of which there is currently less variety for the third generation DOT.  Actually that is the reason I bought the 2nd gen device.  I received exactly what I expected.Read full review...
71: I have 2 of them connected to smart plugs so I can turn on my living room and bedroom light by telling Alexa to do it. You can ask any question and get some kind of answer. They're great! Love, love, love!!Read full review...
72: The echo is an awesome product well worth the money I would definitely buy it again would not hesitate to buy a second and a third one and I also would recommend to my friends and family I'm even thinking of buying some for Christmas giftsRead full review...
73: They look great, turns on ok, etc. but i have tried everything, and i cannot get them to connect (i bought 2). I reset them, factory reset, you name it. Will not connect to WiFi. I have purchased others 2nd hand and bad no problem. These just won’t work. Read full review...
74: This is a really practical and beautiful solution. It’s not that it is enabling functionality I didn’t already have. I know how to play my favorite music, schedule meetings and events, create lists, set up reminders, get my news and weather, make phone calls and send messages. But it is so much easier and more elegant to ask Alexa to do it. Hands free is a beautiful thing!Read full review...
75: This Amazon Echo-Dot is a really cool item. The set up was quick and easy. I can't believe the quality of the sound coming from this small unit. It's well worth the modest amount I paid for it. Right now I'm listening to the Beach Boys!! This thing is great!!Read full review...
76: This is my 5th echo dot.  They do a lot of things for me.  I have them in different rooms and use them as an intercom system in addition to using them to listen to music, podcasts and radio stations.  The also answer a variety of questions including the weather and my schedule and will make phone calls.Read full review...
77: I love this product. Very easy to use and very helpful, even funny at times. My kids enjoy it very much!
78: I have 2 3rd generation echo dots and I wanted one in my basement. It isn't the best basement so I bought this 2nd generation echo bc it is plastic rather than cloth or fabric. It is in a dry place and out of the way of anything but, it's still plug and play connected easily to my wifi and now I can control my Sengled wifi a19 bulbs in my basement, from my basement. Read full review...
79: I purchased this to accompany my first one as I use my first one all the time. However. This one will not connect and I’ve not been able to use it. There’s something wrong with the registration. I love my original dot which I purchased from a regular store. But this one I purchased on eBay as new sealed will not work. I will purchase another it just will not be on eBay.Read full review...
80: I love the Echo Dot.  I purchased Phillips Hue lighting to go with it and it's great to have the handsfree convenience.Setup was a breeze.
81: I can’t even tell it’s refurbished came nicely wrapped working perfectly I love it thank you it seems brand new no scratches either
82: GREAT LITTLE TOY...CAN ASK IT FOR THE WEATHER...TIME...ETC...BETTER THAN TYPING INTO GOOGLE...
83: Apparently there’s a busted speaker and there’s a static noise every time sound comes from it. Love the echo dot Then would say buy a brand new one￼￼￼
84: I love Alexa She carries out the duties that I'm able to ask her I subscribe to Amazon music and I can ask for any song by any artist and it always comes up although I'm having a problem getting the 4 digit codeRead full review...
85: I love the Echo Dot convenience, they are just fun to have in the house. I will probably add one or 2 more.
86: Should state in instructions to turn auto switch wifi off when setting up. Other than that it was easy and it's working great. My wife loves it
87: I wanted my mom to have her own echo dot but I’m not wealthy enough to buy brand new ones for every room. I felt so lucky to find this refurbished one and it works great.
88: This Echo Dot is cooler then I thought and does so much more then I thought!  Microphone is sensitive and Alexa can hear me from other rooms (it's a good thing). Speaker is very impressive!!
89: The dot had original setup settings. His wifi and password . I factory restored it and it started like it was when it was new. Factory restoring it wiped that info. It directed me to alexa(make sure your phone is on the same 2.4 network) using wifi. Select the dots wifi and connect. Then you'll be directed to Alexa app, to complete the setup. Just make sure that you change the wifi back to a 2.4 to complete the setup. Otherwise is going to say connected to the dot wifi. And theres no internet.Read full review...
90: All right purchase these and hopes that it would help me know what's going on, such as when she's up at 3am walking around... and so forth however they become my music for my grandsons and myself, also my new recipe buddy... and my little alarm system..Read full review...
91: I just setup my new echo dot. And it works perfectly. Very simple to use. I don't always do well with setting up a new device, but this one was pretty easy.
92: I like it very much. I can ask anything from Alexa, she turns on and off my lights, plays music and lot of other useful posibilities are in thsi small device.
93: I had the Echo 1st gen and this is a big step up from that. I listen to the radio, set reminders, set alerts/alarms and I get funny jokes in the morning. I can find out the weather and traffic so I know how my day will be.Read full review...
94: Great now that I have 5 of these so I can use anywhere in my home or deck or garage and basement could not live without them and there getting better all the time with new skills
95: I loved the size and color of Echo.  I do have a hard time controlling volume though.
96: Absolutely  worth the money alexa is awesome you ask see answers right on time every time. Listen in ng to you favorite tunes as never been so easy
97: Awesome Sauce!!! Best product ever
98: The Dot is great for an occasional use Echo.  While the speaker is not as robust as that in the larger Echo units, it is good enough for my intended use.  We have it placed about 80 feet from the router and it works fine.Read full review...
99: This was my second echo dot. I have one in the living room and one in the bedroom I love how they sync up together and play music in both rooms Simultaneously If you asked them to or separate if you want that as well.Read full review...
100: I was hesitant to jump in to smart devices, but it seemed perfect for my mother who has vision problems. It did just what I wanted, and it's so convenient. Well made device!
101: I give it a 4 star because my son had trouble setting it up. Otherwise, everything was great, the sound was good but sometimes when you try and get a song to play it would give a sample.
102: I really love that you can use such a simple item to keep track of shipment times, set timers, play games, take notes, set reminders, control any smart device, and act as a personal assistant. All from a small device. The cost is neglageable considering the versatility of this little speaker. Oh, and it can play music of course.Read full review...
103: The size of the product is a lot smaller than expected. The picture advertisement was a lot larger. But the product works the same as my echo tower size.
104: Works like a charm...It was loved wo much in my house I had to buy 3! Beats the main echo which is $189...Way too much since the only real difference between that and the dot that I can see is the speakers...And we have enough of those already which I can connect to the dot anyway if I want it to be that loud. (Haven't needed it any louder than its own native speakers though yet)Read full review...
105: I bought one of these for myself and like it so much I purchased this one for my son. It works very well and I'm finding more and more things that it does.  I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to have fun and likes to explore innovative products. This item is always learning more and more.Read full review...
106: We needed an easy inexpensive music option for our covered porch. It has been working great and if something should ever hapen to it (weather, cold, etc )we can easily replace this unit as we paid less than $15 for this gen 2 dot.Read full review...
107: This was a  great value and addition to the 5 current Echo's of various generations located throughout my home.  I use one when working outside as a radio and personal assistant for reminders and alarms and if I need a question answered.  You can never have enough access to music, shopping and knowledge bases.  Read full review...
108: Endless information, music, electric outlets and light switch controls.   Make phone calls just by command when linked.   Just too much to mention!
109: my son bought me the first generation and I wanted an extra when I go outside... I just love Alexa!!!
110: Easy to program, decent sound, better when connected with other, amplified speakers. Can be grouped with other "Dots" or Echo speakers for whole house listening.  No, it's not as rich a sound as the Echo, or 3rd generation dot...but for the money, it's just fine.Read full review...
111: Does everything the latest generation Amazon Echo does, the speakers are just weaker. I have it situated in my office so that I don't need to yell across the house to the echo in my bedroom. I don't have to worry about the weak speakers when I want to play music because it bluetooths to my computer and plays music through the computer speakers.All in all a great little product. Small and unobtrusive, but nice little assistant to create a shopping list, give me reminders, and turn on and off my office lamp (which is connected via an Alexa plug). Definitely a fan of having a smart house!Read full review...
112: The Dot is a great add on to our home , It gives us weather information , alarm clock ,we play music on it.We use it for fact finds.  We can turn on & off lights and set the thermostat and use it for the TV with only a voice command.Read full review...
113: I have a google home and 2 echo dot(2nd gen).. I prefer the echo over the google home. they both do about the same thing but the echo seems to be more user friendly as far as using it. the google home is polite but doesn't do as much, or know as much.I use the echo to turn on several different lights, set a timer, play music, or just answer stupid questions. I warn you,,, the lights are NOT cheap. i bought the starter set from Phillips HUE,,,,$75 for the hub and 2 lights( dim-able WHITE bulbs). i could not find the color changing ones. each extra bulb runs around $15 to $20.Read full review...
114: Echo is able to help with information, calls, music , and more.  I already have two. This is a gift 🎁 my mom she will love it!
115: All worked tonmy expectatioms, however a "jawbone" usb power supply was shipped with one of them and failed to power the unit, had to order a separate oem power supply for that unit and it worked.  Try to keep oem parts with oem parts and not cause your buyer extra work and cash to buy a new one.Read full review...
116: Second generation product as good as new
117: Came in product package intact all parts, setting it up ws very easy  giving one to a friend
118: I love my echo dot. I can make shopping list hands free while I go thru my cabinets and frig. I can call hands free.It came quick. Well packaged.
119: I wish we could set it up to our location, so that it can tell us the weather, nearest restaurants ect. without having to say our location when asking those types of questions.But otherwise I love it.Read full review...
120: I love this eco dot it is awesome you can ask it just about anything as long as you say Alexa first it sits close to my tv and it still works when I ask it something no matter how loud my tv is it can make out my voice and what I’m asking and you can’t beat the price so do yourself a favor and buy you one you want be sorry they are great and I highly highly recommend itRead full review...
121: I love the product and used it once I recieved it. The product was delivered 1 day in advance and I'm very happy. 5 stars across the board.  Thank you!!!
122: 2 stars because it only plays while being attached to charger. I find myself being unable to use it as I'm on the go :/
123: exceedingly hard to use, no directions, have to download and then explanations are crappy...Will not connect to either tablet, brand new, then says no wi-fi BUT both tablets have wi-fi icon lit...terrible product would not recommend...Read full review...
124: I use my echo dot as a speaker at work for music. It works awesome and sounds great. It’s slim so slides under my computer monitor, the sound is great and its easy to adjust the volume.  I use the usb port to support it’s runnings.  Read full review...
125: I love the Echo Dot...we have them in 3 different rooms. So glad I found this one on here, and for about $10 less than on Amazon! It got here VERY quickly, too. Five stars all around!
126: I should have bought one a long time ago! Everything about it is great and was easy to setup.
127: By the reviews of this product then..... IT WILL BE AMAZING!Mine is going to come february the 7th and it is january the 29th i am writing this!I hope it was worth it and... yeah!<br>I am very VERY excited for it and can not WAIT, until it comes :DI hope it won't be TOO difficult to set up but... well.... i'll just have to see and find out i guess!Anyways... i really REALLY hope it was worth it and.... yeah..... this is my review for the amazon echo 2nd generation and... YEAH!Bye!Read full review...
128: Use multiple Echo Dots throughout the house, with attached speakers. Could not imagine using these before I had one, now I can't imagine not having them.I use Alexa enabled lights and plugs. Outside lights on timers through Alexa.  Room lights as well. Other items using the plugs.Read full review...
129: There are alot of questions it cannot answer.  There are a lot of restrictions on what amazon will let you access.  You cannot easily if at all play music from youtube videos.  In a feature little talked about it can access many different types of streaming radio stations.Read full review...
130: Works as described! Answers most request, as good as googling something! You can even make internet calls with no cost but internet data! Playing music on this device is ok but it can be greatly improved with the purchase of a dock which will make it portable with a battery supported one.Read full review...
131: Read the fine print carefully because I ordered three and didn't realize they don't come with a power cable. I don't know if they work well or not yet I'll have to get a cable first but kind of disappointed.Update: only two of the three dots worked. Just save your money and go elsewhere. Not worth the hassle.Read full review...
132: I live alone and having interactive 'toys' is a great way to dismiss the loneliness of missing actual human companionship. It is not the save all, but a good start.
133: We now have music of our choice steaming on all levels of our home all day long. Works perfectly. And now, Jeff Bezos and his minions can listen to all our conversations no matter where we are.
134: easy to use handy when you need it do all my lists on it and get information when I need it
135: Bought the wall holder for the Echo Dot makes it easily portable speakers are just ok but she uses it every day 
136: I love it..the only negative thing I can say is the volume to be better..I just ordered 2 of the 3rd generation..hopefully they will sound a lot better..but other than that .. very nice
137: I have had Wi-Fi problems and so have had trouble setting the echo dot up. In another room I have a Alexa and that one has been suffering the same problem. And so have my Soundpods.
138: It lacks in sound quality but I also bought a speaker dock which doesn't just solve that problem but with its built-in lithium battery, it can be wirelessly taken anywhere within the range of my WIFI with all the benefits and robust sound my Amazon Echo 1st gen has. My house entertainment, many lights and switches, and security system are all verbally controlled wherever I want to put it, yet the combo cost less than what I paid for my original Echo!Read full review...
139: Wasn’t “new never used” as it needed a factory reset due to looking for its original internet set up. It also has marks across the top from clear wear but it works fine thus far. Descriptions should be honest.Read full review...
140: Echo Dot can do so many things and it is amazing. I have it turning on and off my lights and it maintains my grocery list. My granddaughter also likes to ask it to play songs for her.
141: Arrived ahead of schedule and has been absolutely great! Performs as described and really and asset for whole house digital control!
142: This works great in my bathroom.  I like to listen to music while showering, and this is more convenient than burning through the battery on my phone, and the sound is more constant.  My kids splash a lot in the tub so I was worried about Alexa getting wet, but there are several ways to mount it on the wall.Read full review...
143: I liked my Echo Dot so much that I got this one for my 88 year old mother.  She is finding her Dot very useful and since she lives alone, she also finds it good company!  There are no buttons to confuse her so it's perfect for elderly folks who are baffled by computers and smart phones.Read full review...
144: I am an ole foggie. I never saw the need for a product like this. But I am in love.I plug an 1/8" cord in Alexa and run it to my sound bars. I tell her to play my variousPandora libraries and viola ,beautiful music all day.She can answer most questions and even act as an alarm clock.Read full review...
145: Perfect shape, arrived right on time. Even came with a charger and cable, which I wasn't expecting. I wanted the second gen as I have another one and knew it would plug in to my speakers. Worked great, sounds great. No problems.Read full review...
146: it does what I tell her
147: Excellent price, works like a charm.
148: Very happy with Dot, can you set timers, create specific lists, listen to music etc...love it!!!
149: Simple easy to install and gets the job done.  Could use a better speaker.
150: Easy install, easy to use, very useful as it has a wide range of devices it will connect with.  And it even has a sense of humor!
151: I bought a Amazon echo for my son as a gift,Loved it, So I thought ifd downsize and bought the Echo dot.And I also love it
152: Grandkids think it really cool. They ask her everything. Weather is easy access, Don't know why we waited this long without her.
153: Good product if you don't have a smart tv. Netflix works well but not many other apps for the Australian market. Easy to use with the remote but needs more apps to be installed.
154: Of the Echo Dot Smart Speakers, the Echo Dot Gen 2 has the best sound quality and voice clarity especially for NEWS and TALK RADIO.!  In addition, it's not degraded or weakened by radio signal strength or adverse weather.Read full review...
155: This little Echo Dot it's great to have and could be educational for children and adults, I love it for getting weather reports and while watching TV asking about certain actors and how old they are.
156: Has lots of capabilities and skills that can be enabled. Still needs to work on search feature as it uses BING, but otherwise a great product that evolves with the user.
157: Perfect for what I needed. Found a new second gen dot to hook up to a little class D amp to power my stereo ceiling speaker and control it through the Alexa ecosystem. For roughly $100 you can DIY a little Sonos alternative for multi room music control.Read full review...
158: Work good except responding to voice. Doesn't respond 2-5 feet away from unit. Close on unit work ok.
159: This is a refurbished product that seems to work very well. There are some minor blemishes, but the operation is not effected. It has been very difficult to find an old model of Echo Dot, but I needed it for the Vaux battery speaker we have for outdoors. The delivery date changed a few times, but in the end, we received it two days sooner than last update.  So far, we are very pleased with our purchase, fingers crossed it will last a long time.Read full review...
160: I think it is a good product, I like being able to turn on and off lights by voice commands and weather reports and things like that, just wish it had more options for the voice. Maybe they will have that in the future.Read full review...
161: Seller solved my problem and Still was able to ship the product on time. Product came exactly as Described. No issues! Would definately buy from this seller again
162: Just received the echo dot. It is easy to use & very impressed with the sound  considering the size.  Exceeded my expectations.
163: Alexa works great, gift for my wife. The grandchildren are always coming in my office to use mine. So now it's equal time.lol
164: I bought this slightly used. Had no wear. Didn’t come with the directions but was easy to find online.
165: Hands free assistant.... love it
166: Absolutely love my echo dot....it is my new alarm clock, weather source, ect.
167: I love it. I also have a google home mini..but it will not let you hook up to a bluetooth speaker. The dot does and I find I use it alot more.
168: Doesn’t even look refurbished it looks brand new I love it ty
169: I love my dot, It is great and fun to have and use.
170: Bought two of these for our kids rooms, they LOVE them. They primarily use them for music and dropping in on us or each other. I love being able to make announcements for dinner time without having to yell upstairs!Read full review...
171: Quality product, easy to install and priced right. Very pleased.
172: It was brand new device. Works perfectly, affordable. What else do I need!
173: this is a very good product,I really enjoy it.
174: Connects and listens fine, but seems like it has bluetooth issues and the UP volume button doesn't work. Still it connects to my 3 bluetooth speakers and switch them with the app. Not as much skills as I thought but cool to set alarms, ask for weather and songs. Its ok.Read full review...
175: Now that the 3rd edition of the Echo Dot  are available the 2nd editions will be harder and harder to find. They work every bit as well as the latest version so I definitely recommend getting one. I connected this one to my Bose System 4 Wave Radio and it is fantastic. Highly recommend.Read full review...
176: Took me a while to hook this up, not a techie, but once I got it running it is wonderful!! It is so nice to have in the kitchen to listen to podcasts or music while I cook. We have another Alexa but it broadcasts to the whole house. This little gem is just to keep me company. I love it!Read full review...
177: We bought this item for my in laws who aren't the most tech savvy people. They love it!! It was easy to set up and use. Christmas was a great success due to this gift!
178: This rounds out my collection of Echoes. I didn’t want to spend $100 for an Echo for the bathroom and this one is a good solution for something used only while getting reDy for work.
179: Extremely helpful and I have just begun to utilize it’s features. It does so much more, I can’t wait to add devices.
180: Good for its price. It came within a week of me buying it. It does everything I ask it to. Sometimes it pauses and I have to unplug it and then re-plug it for it to work. But I love it and it was definitely worth the money.Read full review...
181: I purchased this item - Echo Dot 2nd generation - due to the fact it is still powered through a USB cable with adapter. The newer generations have fixed power adapters that are somewhat less universal or have specific power source requirements and cannot be used in certain applications.The product purchased is just as advertised and was delivered very quickly. I would purchase again from this dealer. Read full review...
182: I find it easy to setup and use, however sometimes it can be a little difficult to get it to re-connect to my wireless network if located a little to far from the router.
183: I really enjoy the Echo Dot.  It is very useful and great for streaming music when paired with a quality bluetooth speaker.
184: Echo dot is a handy tool that you can use in many ways( check YouTube reviews for details). Its still very functional out of USA I.e  in New Zealand after setting the local time of courseWorks well. Very happy with it.Read full review...
185: Am very impressed on how much can be done with this little gadget. I mainly got it to replace my radio that I use to fall asleep to. It can be programmed to use Pandora, iHeart, Spotify, Amazon Music, TuneIn, Music Unlimitd and SiriusXM.Read full review...
186: Does exactly what I wanted it for....it is an addition to my original echo.Love it's size and the fact that it can go with me when I travel.
187: Almost brand new condition . Works great and set up was a snap.
188: A selling point is that you can use Spotify with Echo Dot, but actually you must be a Spotify Prime member for Echo to play your playlists. Oftentimes the echo freezes/restarts itself, or does not follow simple commands; such as Stop Music. Disappointing.Read full review...
189: Great for the whole family- voice prompt for music, answers, games, announcements and calls.- most affordable of its kind.- have 2 already left and plan on purchasing more.
190: It doesn't know very much.  Weather and time is about it.  It can multiply tho, which is good for the kids.
191: works great. Easy to setup and use
192: Had to call Amazon for set-up.  Then when I moved the device it back to square one which meant I would have to call Amazon again for another set-up.  I decided to return the 2nd generation and order the 3rd generation.  Set-up took a minute!  Worth the extra few dollars for the 3rd generation.Read full review...
193: I have a mini google home and buy alexa to compare and I loved it much more alexa, it works well with voice commands and requests are much faster. much easier to set up and better sound.
194: Easy to set up using online setup guide I googled up, no power blob but I had an extra that had the right capacity, works fine, fairly quick deliver, good price, now can talk to google, siri and alexa, and it rings for my ring doorbell.Read full review...
195: Very simple to use and works well. Nice to be able to choose any song you want to plat at any time!
196: difficult to setup - after 5 trys finally got it to work as advertized.  Fun to play with but not very usefull.
197: I just ordered my third one!!! Alexa turns my lights on and off, she plays music for me in the  morning and at bedtime and she wakes me in the morning !!!!  
198: We love little Alexa!  The more we work with it, the more we discover she does.  We would recommend this little gem to anyone!
199: Bought a used Alexa and it came quickly and looked brand new.  Great buy!
200: It came promptly ad it works great! Will definitely order from him again...
201: Device works fine after I set it up to my account, but you forgot to reset it with the Alexa app before shipping it off. It was still linked to an account, but I think I overwrote those settings when setting it up with mine.Read full review...
202: Love my echo ordering was easy item shipped and arrived early. I'm looking for more devices to use with my dot.
203: I love the Amazon Echo Dot 2nd Generation!  This is the 2nd one that we have purchased.
204: So many cool things this thing can do! Arrived in a great condition, looked brand new!
205: The echo is a great deal it's also alot of fun love telling it to play a song. After a long day you can come home ask her to play a song and she will.
206: We absolutely love it, allows us to quickly add items to our shopping, daily task, make phone calls, ect....
207: Great for making changes to my schedule that syncs to my google calendar. I like the simple features like set timer and reminders as well
208: So far this is product is working great. I love it
209: Echo Dot is a good companion piece to the Echo. Gives us access to Echo from another place in the house.
210: I bought a second generation refurbished Echo Dot because I have another one and I love it and I didn’t need any of the other functions that apparently the new ones have or they wouldn’t be so expensive. It arrived well packaged it works like a champ it does exactly what I wanted it to do and I’m very happy with it!Read full review...
211: All around good product. Bought this for Birthday gift. They love it!!
212: I received 2 Echo Dots 4 days after I purchased them. I opened the box, plugged them in and began using them right away and they are GREAT!! They look brand new even though they weren't in manufacturers box. I would highly recommend and will order more if available.Read full review...
213: Fantastic device with easy instructions. All you need is the amazon alexa app. One os my best online purchases. Will buy more. The more apps you connect to it the more it can do.
214: Works wonderfully! Cool light up effect! Ordered pizza and played songs on YouTube with ease!!!
215: I have one of these in just about each room. Great for surround sound playing music and very handy for questions and turning on lights and the TV.
216: I love my echo dot! Came fast and works fine! Easy to set up and comes with with every thing you need to use it!
217: plus more. I love it so much. I ordered 4 more 0ne Amazon Echo and three more echo dots. I have 5 all together. One each room.
218: Alexa makes me smile with her jokes, some of her answers and her great music. I highly recommend this little gadget.
219: My Husband Loves getting the Weather first thing in the Morning, Alarm 🚨is Right on Spot In Morning, also Adds some Funny Humor 😂🤣With Clean Jokes when she’s asked to tell a Joke. She Does EverythingRead full review...
220: Had 2 echo dots.  Sam the price on these so I bought 8 more.  Some to use, some to give as gifts.
221: Small & Lightweight.  She answers most of my questions and will play music also.  Very Handy little gadget.
222: She tells me the weather and time every morning and  also tells me the latest news. Am still getting used to other things
223: saw friends' use of this device and decided to try it. Awesome. Will learn more how to utilize many of Alexa.s capabilities.
224: Really fun to play with and the echo is now my main interface to my home control system. Works great.
225: product is well known to most people.  It works great and does so many things!  I love it!!
226: it is  lots of fun , and you can learn many things too, and all kind of music also, I like also the reminders it can do ,and much-much more, alexa is lots of fun.
227: She turns on my lights (in conjunction with Philips Hue), reads books to me (Kindle or Audible), plays music, tells me jokes, reads the news, tells me who is at the door (in conjunction with SkyBell), tells me how to prepare a meal, and even reads me bed time stories. Loved it so much I bought more and put one in every room of the house.Read full review...
228: After getting it, it was cool telling stories and jokes and lots of information plaid games and now it operates a couple of lights love it.....
229: bought the older versions to upgrade house to wifi. just had sprout installed so now we have household wifi. these work great and are a good value. 
230: Would recommend it. It is fun. Would make a great gift for an adult moving into a new home. Not hard to set up.
231: I purchased this product as a refurbished model and its performance is as good as new.
232: I prefer the 2nd generation as the audio doesn't appear to be quite so muffled to the very old ears I'm forced to use.  I consider the Echo products beneficial to the handicapped and aged providing an extra margin of safety.Read full review...
233: Super easy to connect to WiFi and great sounds!
234: Weary easy to use, and working god together with philips hue and ikea TRÅDFRI
235: These are wonderful little devices. I'm starting to have them everywhere in my home. I have a "show", "wand" and 4 dots in bedroom, office, family room, exercise room, kitchen and living room.
236: it is very compact, despite that it is a nice addition to your house. You can also improve it with a Vaux speaker that is made of only for this model so it can sound like a big echo.
237: I use the dot as intercom plus it provides music and weather updates. Set up was easy just plug it in go to the Alexa app and install.
238: Great Product, kids love it!
239: I bought this one for my camper, which has it's own wifi router.  I wanted the second generation because those can be charged with a standard USB cable.  My camper has USB outlets that can be used for this purpose.  This product has bluetooth which works with the built-in stereo system in the camper.  So everything works just they way I want it to.Read full review...
240: awesome this alexa will do so much, if you like me 65 yrs old, so set up is easy.
241: It is very convenient. 
242: I use this everyday. Bought one for a gift for my lovely in laws and they live it as well!
243: Love it! I harrass Alexa all day with inappropriate questions just to hear her reply with something very liberal, because cheap laughs are the best laughs.
244: This is a great device with easy set up. You could possibly control your whole household with this thing.
245: I have had Alexa about 2 weeks now it is absolutely amazing I've only begun to explore the things that she can do I love that she learns more and more and seems to understand my voice better and better everyday but things this thing can do is mind-boggling I can't wait to do more I just ordered 3 more to go. Get this it's going to take over the worldRead full review...
246: The Echo works pretty well but to get it to do all it can do you have to make monthly payments for music, and many other things. Stand alone it only does about 20% of what it can do.
247: Love asking questions and having it turn things off and on. Easy setup and easy to connect to apps.
248: We have the large echo the small one for the amount you pay you don't get the turn volume on top and the sound you can tell is coming from something small. The nice thing is you can attach it to a large speaker then it's great.Read full review...
249: Very cool, works as expected! No complaints. Hooks up to all my devices, apps on Windows and Samsung Galaxy.
250: It doesn't always react correctly but it really is pretty amazing it does more than I thought it would
251: It's great speaker is low but i hooked it up via aux cord to soundbar and works great
252: Lots of fun and useful apps to help you through your day. They are adding new apps all the time. Easy to install.
253: Works great awesome price and exactly what I ordered. Super easy to use and set up. Thank you
254: Fasinating, Fun and user friendly.I was so tempted to keep it instead of giving it to my grandson for his birthday. But grandpas do whats best to spoil their grand babies, am I right?The next one is MINE!!!Read full review...
255: Bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. She is an only child and loves talking to Alexa asking her to tell her jokes or play a song,etc. keeps her busy.
256: A little hard to set up but when I ask for help I was able to talk with a real live person and they helped me set it up.  I use it outside in my shed and it works perfectly.,
257: Performs very well for a good price. 
258: This one is fun to use.. Can do a lot, but ofc, you need more items to make it turn on off stuff etc
259: i love my echo dot!!!  so glad i ordered it and got it at such a reasonable price
260: I have a third generation Echo Dot. This second generation is not nearly as good in sound quality. Fortunately, I got it for a good price.
261: Bought this for out granddaughter who is going away to college this year.....she loves it....can't wait to put it to the test when she needs to get up and go to class!
262: I have not begun to get the full benefit yet.  I am using it for weather,scheduling,and jokes,but when I get more time I have more plans to get Alexa working for me. The inexpensive price means I will get more for my money in the future.Read full review...
263: Good personal assistant works just fine. Seems to be of good quality and workmanship answers all my questions.
264: this small device help you out when you need it on those hectic mornings as you get ready for work just asking Alexa for the time, weather, music, etc without turning on the tv or radio is a great help.Read full review...
265: I brought this for my girlfriend for V-Day she wanted it got it she in love with it. I think she's in love with it more than me.
266: My dtr loved it as did I. Can’t beat the price and the speed in which it arrived . Ty
267: Easy to set up and a simple way to bring your home up to date! We use Alexa for a lot of different tasks like turning up the heat or turning on the lights.
268: Great product.  Easy installation.  Fairly good sound.  3rd Generation does have better sound.  I added this one to my work shop.
269: Bought this for my bathroom works great really enjoy listening to my music as I prepare for work. Or listening to a good story of news.
270: These are for Christmas presents but know the receivers will love them.
271: Came with charger and everything brand new best birthday gift
272: Gift for grandson, he loves having this in his room. Works great for his small area.
273: Was shipped quickly and love having an extra one on hand
274: Neat device that can do so much I will be exploring it's capabilities for quite a while. Terrific price on this special.
275: Technology at it's best!!  I recommend this to anyone who is physically challenged (Like myself) as even I, with a speech impediment can communicate and be understood ay Alexia.  Great technology!!!!
276: Some times I have to repeat myself several times for Alexa to catch on to what I’m saying. The speaker is not that loud. Didn’t know I would have to pay $5.99 a week to use Alexa. Thought it was a device you could just charge  for a bit then unplug and it would work but do not the caseRead full review...
277: My kids love to play music with it and i can call friends while making dinner!
278: The Echo Dot works great and very easy to set up.  I would recommend this unit to any one who wants to automate their home.
279: Awesome product for the price!!!!   I just love having Alexa in my house.
280: I love it and it was a GREAT VALUE!
281: This is my first Echo Dot and had researched the product before purchasing.  Regardless I am extremely impressed with its performance.  It is a fantastic and central piece to controlling a smart home.Vendor was quick at shipping and provided a fully working and new product.Read full review...
282: This is a great product, answers most questions you ask it, plays music, just a all around great device
283: Great price. Speedy delivery. I love it. If you don't have one, get one. Youre missing out on all that you can do with this.
284: I love my echo Dot...m ready to use and Alexa is still learning who I am
285: Very easy set up! Love my echo! You have to talk clearly however it's an awesome product so far
286: I'm having fun with it and telling my lights and appliances to turn on and off.
287: Working just as I wanted it to: As a mic to listen to the birds singing in my backyard (via Alexa's drop in function).All good!
288: Super fast shipping, great package, perfect product!!
289: If you don't have a smart home or the echo plug in's it's just a glorified alarm clock but price not bad but you cant even customize your alarm time to go off like say every other day stuff like that
290: I have several echo products, and they all work great. I needed one with a mic plug to use in my shop to play Amazon music. This product works great
291: I love the dot 2. It had been a lot of fun and also very useful.
292: Awesome deal and I love my dots! they are all over the house now! Great intercom system!
293: Very well packed for shipment, works great. easy set up
294: Exactly as advertised, looks good,good value,
295: It is tiny.  I put it in my bathroom.  I catch up on my Flash Briefing while I shower.  Not as good a sound as the regular Echo because it is so small.
296: This was a good buy for the money, these things are so handy to have whether you want to set an alarm set a timer , ask a question, Play music ,you name it.
297: The product is defective. I can't get it to sync with my internet. I tried 10 times and it won't connect with my alexa app. I have 7 other alexa's in my household and connected with no issues. This one won't work. Read full review...
298: Not the most current, but a quality item that will do most everything you ask. Links with other Alexa products
299: love them will purchase again, if I can get them for the same price
300: You must try this,it is like being able to talk to a computer.Alexa can find things in seconds that would take you an hour.Try it,you will be happy!
301: For budget minded AI seeker. Echo dot is the way to go. It does everything the echo standard does, and more. It can hang from the wall, or be inserted into the ceiling. I truely have no complaints. I enjoy telling something to happen, and it happens.Read full review...
302: The echo dot is a fun thing to have around the house.  Controlling smart appliances and other household applications are just the tip of the iceberg.  Multi-room music and games are great fun for everyone.Read full review...
303: Good thing to have around you if you have any kinds of questions great device love it.
304: Especially great since I got two for the price of one.
305: Took a little while to program.  Don't know if it was the dot or me.  Reason for buying it was to get a 3rd intercom between 2 bedrooms and the kitchen.
306: love it,but having trouble getting the app to download and get it setup, still workin on it,lol
307: wonderful product,dont see how anyone can be without.
308: I use it in conjunction with smart switches to turn off and on lights throughout the house
309: Easy to setup and use with very good voice recognition.
310: I thought Alexa would have more vocabulary and intelligence... but it’s the same as my iPhone Siri. Not so much fun.If you’re bored this would be and ok but.The echo works fine no problems but just a little boring.Read full review...
311: Brand new sealed up. No signs of tampering. Works excellent.
312: Alexa is so useful in many ways! I love it and it has such a slick black look I recommend this to anyone who is to lazy to pick up their phone
313: I bought this to use with a dock/clock radio.  Very nice sound, reliable response.
314: Great in every way. 90%+ will own this product within 5 years just like cell phone and computers.y
315: Got my second echo dot so I don’t have to keep on moving it from home to work each day. Setup was a breeze.
316: Radical price for a great product  I love me this echo dot.
317: We have one and since we sadly can't afford the Amazon music @$9.99/ a mo. we get the $3.99 and I run the music daily.  We love it!!its
318: This was a birthday gift. It arrived on time and it works great.
319: Easy to setup and use and has many features
320: Purchased to develop home automation projects... and it’s been great.  There’s so much more to this than just “Alexa, what time is it?”  Very pleased with my purchase and with the delivery.
321: The Echo dot (2nd generation) is a great addition to your Alexa system and is very user friendly when it comes to programming  and naming the unit.
322: best price I have found.  I have two now and will buy the third one soon.
323: LOVE the Echo Dot. It's very useful and just nice to have around. Thank you!
324: I am having so much fun with Alexa, asking her so many questions, and surprised at the answers that she presents to me. I am asking away.... I am like a kid asking and waited for her to tell me “Enough Already” I am in awe with her.... it has been the best money spent Eva....Read full review...
325: Finally, a way to get simultaneous sound throughout the house.  I want to add another Dot for outside.
326: I love to listen to my favorite country singers. Play all their greatest hits.
327: it came way fast and my sons love it
328: Very good for voice control of different products. Bad if you are paranoid about Amazon devices listening to you... lol
329: Bought my grand daughters each one. Now their mom and dad want one! They all love it!
330: This older Echo works great in my speaker base that has to have the hard side Echo. 
331: I don't know the latest, and this 2nd Generation does the job sufficiently for me as the latest model. I'm not sure of the differences between newer models and this one, but I'm happy with this one.
332: I have only had it hooked up for a few days but love it!  Great little Alexa tool!  Perfect for me!
333: Item is in great condition and looks like new. This is my 4th dot so setup was easy. Thanks!
334: This was a great mother's day purchase and would recommend it to anyone
335: I really really like my speaker you can plug everything Wireless BluetoothI it is working properly,I even plug my smart plug wireless light Alexa do everything thank you I already commanded  a few people to buy it🙂Read full review...
336: The 2nd generation echo dots have a clearer voice than the newer generation dots, which is why I purchased this particular unit. The newer ones have many customer complaints asking why the speech seems muffled or why it is sometimes hard to understand. Read full review...
337: Not a primary unit. Good cheap way to add communication and mediocre quality audio to other rooms.Gen. 4 Echo pair still best Primary.
338: Just gave it as a gift and they loved it.
339: This thing is amazing it makes out my shopping list calls my phone answer stupid unnecessary questions we have I would give this a 10 out of 10
340: Will not pair with my cell phone, has to be on the wireless router to work.  Will not connect/pair to anything but the wireless router.  So not it is not a good value, or very good quality item.
341: This item was very easy to install and works great.  If you use Amazon music these are a must.
342: works as good as my echo second generation, except the sound, which would be expected, because it is smaller.
343: Takes up little space and works as well as the larger version.  Still learning skills, but it is fun to learn and use.
344: I love my new echo. I also loved the price.
345: I have google Home and several echo dots.  I like them both for different reasons but the echo “hears” me MUCH better than the google mini. However the sound from the google mini is a lot better then the echo, I tend to use the echo more.Read full review...
346: Easy to setup, easy to use.  Perfect little assistant.
347: I bought them for my grandkids and they love them.Thanks so much,,Susan Hagan
348: Love it. Was what I needed to play my music.
349: I love this little dot.  It does so much and doesn’t take up hardly any space.
350: I get tired of hearing 'I don't understand that.... when asked a simple questions. Makes a great alarm clock
351: Alexa is continuum to increase her knowledge base and technical capability! I recommend purchasing one soon to begin taking advantage of Alex's capability.
352: Yes it works fine and handy to check on things. But disappointed in sound quality. Do not like listening to music on it. I should have gotten a bigger one.
353: Make sure you get a flashdrive to go with it. My son loves it.
354: Very convenient and easy to use.
355: This is my second Echo Dot and it works perfectly.  I now have one in the 2 most important rooms: the front room and my bedroom.
356: I am impressed with this item. We were able to hook up our lights, &  other items, to turn on, & off . Nice price.
357: This is the most wonderful item. You can ask it anything from Temperature for the day, Traffic, Recipes. Set Alarms, Make Lists, It will tell you jokes, it has been so entertaining and knowledgeable. I would recommend to anyone. I LOVE MY ALEXA ...Read full review...
358: We control the furnace and lights at our lakehouse. Works great.
359: well made clear sound just as described 6 stars . A++++++
360: We love playing with our "Alexa".  She tells us jokes, weather, sets a time for us, alarm clock.. Can't beat having an extra "hand" around the house!
361: I didn’t know anything about but my daughter convinced me to get it and I’m so glad I did. It is such a great speaker for the money and it’s compact also.
362: We generally use Echos 3rd generation but bought this 2nd generation to match with a portable battery that only works with 2nd generation. Seems to work fine.
363: Works good.  Using it in an old fireplace that we installed an electric burning logs insert.  We have the echo dot play fireplace sounds.  Very realistic with out all the mess of burning wood.
364: Very smart device.
365: Great product using it mostly for playing music at night well going to sleep
366: I have it connected in my car to my hot spot when travelling. It's nice to have so much information at your fingertips. It compliments my home Echo and Echo Dot. 
367: Purchased two and both perform as brand new.
368: Does so much more than give you the time and scores of ball games.  We love ours!  I’d love it more I think but the wife seems to monopolize it!  LOL
369: Gotta love something you can tell what to do but requires Amazon prime for unlimited free song's. 
370: I bought this as a satellite unit for my main echo dot so we would not have to yell across the house and it works perfectly for that.  
371: We purchased this product for our daughter and she absolutely loves it! I would recommend this product.
372: I like using my echo dot it works great! Thank you.
373: The echo is a useful device for music and getting information
374: As soon as I get help to get it going I will be happy. I am 87 yrs old and need help, But it is in perfect Condition. Thank you.
375: Replaced a damaged unit.  Works great.
376: Seems to be sootty connecting to my wifi worked really good for first day now it's being finicky, but im going to fiddle with it more and see what happens
377: Wife uses it on her toes aftrr taking off the cover because she has a hard time bending over
378: cheap and small with great features
379: A very interesting item technology has come a long way kinda cool for people living alone someone to talk to LOL works better with speakers attached  all in all satisfactory and informative product
380: Item is exactly what was listed. My son loves having his Echo dot. He listens to music, sets alarms, reminders and I can drop in and talk to him when I’m away from home.
381: Instructions are not helpful. Cannot set up numbers in little tiny instruction paper don't help should return unable to use
382: Great quality and easy to set up.
383: Older Dot product but works great and has the auxiliary port that the new ones don't have.
384: Pretty much plug in and download the app. It pretty much takes care of itself from there
385: Works pretty well still somethings are don't know that is response.
386: I love mine. Super easy to talk to and use
387: Nice item. Almost new. works fine. Easy set up. Good sound.
388: I love it and easy to set up my husband love it too
389: It's what I expected. Am very happy with the product. I would have bought more at the price but there were only 2 available. So I bought them both. Glad I did.
390: A great safety bonus for you wife who is prone to falling because of a stroke
391: Really nice to have I love it
392: Still learning from all its amazing actions, but still can’t work out how it does it. LOL
393: Grandson and family love the echo dot we sent them. They tell us it is awesome!
394: I love it so much...     Cant wait get my echo show...😚
395: people who had it said u tell her play all dean martin songs and she does.  mine does not
396: works just fine.  growing in our new experience of talking with our "Alie-Gal" assistant
397: It works great quick delivery easy set up i love it
398: I hope and trust this item is as good as I know them to be.  Alas, I will not know for some time as it is a Christmas present.
399: Arrived so quickly!Boxed and perfectEasily connectedLOVE ALEXA AND THE DOTS!I never miss a call and information I need is a whisper away!
400: Awesome ! Brilliant! Everyone I know would benefit from alexa and it got here fast and worry free!
401: slowest app ever. some settings cant even be saved. Otherwise is a good product
402: Very easy to use.
403: We really like our new Echo.. it is extremely user-friendly and not very difficult to set up at all. You're going to enjoy it
404: First I saw it at my son's house. That's why I order this for my daughter house and she love it.
405: Excellent product that was delivered quickly.
406: Basic working item.  Used but with replacement AC adapter and cord.  Packed well and shipped quickly 
407: Good Price.It took tech support at Amazon a while to get it connected but it's working good.
408: I ordered this Amazon Echo Dot and received it promptly and it works great, I would shop with this vendor again and again
409: If you are forgetful or need additional assistance with reminders, lists, ORGANIZATION, etc.  This is IT!!
410: This is good for a second unit but to have it for a primary I would not recommend it.
411: Great for music and info
412: Very happy and excited to give this to my son for Christmas.  It came very quickly and in perfect shape.  thanks so much!!
413: I like that it plays music,works with my other smart devices and the grandchildren love to tell it to play songs or jokes and stories
414: Sir,  my bad didn't read, bought wrong dot. This is just for fire stick, not to listen to music etc.
415: Alexa is a great companion in the morning for bringing me up-to-date with the latest breaking news, local weather forecast, and traffic report. These are my top need-to-know priorities.
416: really good device, wife and I play question of the day and it intergrates pretty easy with other devices.
417: This geek should have had Alexa long before this purchase. Fun and helpful device to use.
418: It will do so much stuff.....you just have to figure out what to Enable to make it do it all...Ask her if she is married...lol
419: Hooked it up to my Bose wave Radio and listen to blue tooth radio on it and control my home.Now the voice isn't loud but ok.
420: I have two of these Echo dots and they won't connect to the internet. A pop-up tells me that I'm not connected to the network, and to tap that pop up, and I'm supposed to get another pop-up that says yes and click on yes. There is no second pop-up with yes on it.Read full review...
421: I use it as an AM/FM night-table radio that is also a clock!  
422: So easy to use. For weather, music, or as a timer.
423: This is my third Alexa and I love them all, though the prime reasons I love them are music, cooking timers, alarms and information
424: I love my new echo dot. I have one in every room.
425: already it has helped my with my day to day questions,  so stump her but most don't.  recommended
426: Great addition to my Alexa family, Echo in the family room and this Echo Dot in our 3rd br/ computer room...it's entertaining me right now with Amazon Music...fast shipment, great price!!
427: this item performed exact;y as advertised and compliments our 2 Echos in our home.
428: It is and awesome item I love it
429: This product is made very well very useful and incredibly enjoyable to play with!
430: It was slightly used, just as described.  It works perfectly, arrived quickly and was simple to set up as a companion to my other Gen 2.   
431: I love my Echo Dot! I know it's a 2nd Gen, but hey, it's still an amazing product and I'm glad I own one.
432: Love it,easy to use and quick and easy searching!
433: Bought this for my visually impaired father works,great!
434: It is light weight, small. Only your fantasy is the limit for what you can do with it.
435: Wish I could get it to sync with my i-tunes library. Otherwise love it.
436: I use it my garage I have one in a bedroom 1 in the living room
437: I got the 2nd generation because it was a great deal and my mother really liked mine
438: It works great, thanks!!!
439: I have bought other echo dots all with the charger cord. It was stated at the end of description however this is no use to me without the cord.
440: I prefer Echo dot 2 over the Echo dot 3.  I have trouble understanding Echo dot 3, the voice sound as if it is in a barrel.
441: It arrived on time as a mother's day gift...I love it
442: This is a handy little machine Tells you weather and Time I haven't explored everything yet but this machine is so darn handy
443: i use it everyday for setting alarms and weather.
444: It occasionally needs re-setting on its' network, but I suspect that's a product of it being a generation behind our other devices. At $14 delivered (benefitted from a one-time $5 discount), no complaints whatsoever.Read full review...
445: Its convenient, small and unobtrusive, the speakers are excellent, and of course, its fun to use!
446: Great product. Works perfectly. i will be getting one more for another room.
447: Good item
448: I love this thing and the things she does just wish she knew more
449: Would recommend this to anyone love it
450: Works very nice and you can control other devices including lights W hen you add some other gadgets.Nice to have around is like having your own micro terminator at your command." It will be back... "Read full review...
451: I always wanted one and now I have one and love it
452: great price and great product
453: I bought it for a friend and he is having a lot of fun talking to Alexa.  Works great.
454: love the dot. put it next to my bed and it wakes me up and puts me to sleep
455: I'm an elderly woman and I talk to Alexa daily it's like having a friend to talk to.Some things she says is funny.
456: Its exactly how I expected it.  Love the price too
457: These are great just plug in and you have a whole world of music and entertainment, and someone to talk to when you are alone.
458: This works as well as the current generation. My grandson loves it.
459: Works well with products that are comparable.  Does not work with Chamberlin garage door openers, and some directv genie monies.  Overall pleased with items it works with
460: I like the sound quality better than the newer generations of the Echo dot.  The newer ones may have more bass but the sound is not as sharp and clear.  The newer ones are actually a bit fuzzy sounding.Read full review...
461: This is my 2n echo dot.  First one is so nice ordered this one as gift.  
462: Just as good as my echo 1
463: Excellent for 2nd room addition to Echo Plus. Arrived in good condition.
464: Works and looks like new. Easy to setup using windows 10 and the alexa web based app.
465: She loves the gift
466: Very easy to work for this item, recomended for multiple use.
467: It’s so cool that you can Alexa to make a list or play a song. Crazy world! ILove it.
468: I used it with my  other one  was a good price 
469: It was a gift for someone learning smart media, and has been simple to use and works well 
470: Enjoying using it!  It was difficult to set up, though .
471: My 96 year old father loves this!
472: I would’ve loved to receive it in its original box for setting up Alexa
473: This item works like brand new!
474: As described. Its for my dad and he absolutely loves it and uses it everyday.
475: One of the better investments I have made
476: Good quality product and a very fast shipment
477: Got this for my dad for a Christmas gift and we played with Alexa for hours it was hilarious. Great gift and great price for what it is!
478: I use this in my garage,works great .
479: Excellent little device. She definitely learns more about you as you go and picks up on requests easier after you say them a few times.
480: Little sister of Amazon Echo from the living room. Just awesome twosome!
481: Found it interesting to use and helpful  for sound background information alarms and joking around we are still learning other things every day
482: This is our second Echo Dot 2.  They work flawlessly and a mobile enough to move from room to room.
483: Very good after I got it working. Thank you very much
484: Alexa does what it should when it should with IFTT the things it can do are unlimited!
485: Absolutely love this! Best purchase I’ve had in a while!
486: Great!  Love these.  Have one in my BEDROOM & KITCHEN!
487: I love the Echo Dot.  It is very entertaining.  Bought this one for my 11 year old grandson.
488: Just what I was looking for,  it just took a little longer than expected to get it set up !!good value for the 
489: Nice product.It can answer many questions.
490: Thanks so much , my grandson loves it and a great price.
491: Easy to set up and start using... well packaged.
492: I have 5 of them - nuff said..
493: Good product,just a flash in the pan product.like a fidjet spinner.
494: Item as described.
495: New Dot works like new.  My other one the 3.5mm output stopped working.  Replaced with this one.  All good.
496: I love everything about it! Great deal and quality
497: My new echo dot came in three days in original packaging and is functioning as it should
498: Does everything it's supposed to do. But loses Wi-Fi connection briefly too often.
499: Easy set-up and good quality.
500: Sound excellent !!!!
501: It's amazing. Just what I wanted. It's the best $35.00 that I have ever invested.
502: All my friends couldn’t get it to work ...we have other dots no problems except this one
503: Highly recommended,great quality
504: would not connect. networks was fine. have other gen 3 echo and they all work fine. also  have wifi bulbs and switches that all work fine.
505: I love this device
506: This would make an awesome gift for anyone it’s so useful and helpful to have around the house and fun.
507: We use it al lot for many different applications
508: I love it my daoghter wants 1
509: Easy to use and makes life a “little” bit better!!...
510: Excellent sound quality. Easy to pair with other Blue Tooth devices.
511: This is a great product.The speakers work great. Only downside was the app no longer connects these echo dots off the bat, so you need to connect to them manually with the echo dot wifi provided.Aside from all that, they work great! Thank you!Read full review...
512: The echo dot works perfectly with my 3 other echo products  The setup was simple.
513: Wonderful tool. Still learning about her. Used for music and a timer. Learned early in NOT to refer to her as Alexa unless you want her to do something.
514: Really like Alexa and learning more about it each day!  Would recommend.
515: Excellent product and enjoyable to use
516: love it - wish it would come with a little bit better directions
517: I would say you need aux speakers . other than that we love it.
518: Had a problem with the first one they sent me a replacement fast and it works great
519: Alexa is a great product. My wife and I both like and use it a lot.
520: Just getting to know how Alexa works.This could be the beginning of interesting beautiful friendship!
521: Device arrived early; is just as described, I am thrilled with my purchase!
522: Love the design, it was easy to start up and the size is perfect
523: I got one for my elderly mother to help her remember to take her meds.
524: No problems. Understands voice commands very well.
525: I love my Eco dot second generation.
526: It works, it works as well as I paidfor it. Would recommend get a better quality. I brought different ones going to try.
527: Working great so far
528: In my opinion, this order met or exceeded all areas of a typical review and I wouldn’t hesitate to order any other items as necessary.
529: Great condition as described
530: My family like it wish I would’ve got a bigger one for louder sound
531: Good life assistant
532: We have this Echo dot on our deck, we ask it all kinds of questions and have it play music. 
533: My second one in the house, same smart control device control now in my bedroom,
534: very good product for the price! Thank you!!
535: ITS LIKE HAVING A ROOM MATE WITHOUT THE MESS, LOL
536: Plays good music and am able to hook it up to speakers.
537: Everything was as stated and the echo dot looks new. Thanks c book
538: it is very nice I like it
539: works as it should easy setup nice item
540: Pretty good I will but one more.
541: Super faster and new echo dot, I'm very satisfied with this.
542: perfect my family is having a kick out of it
543: I have one, and bought it as a gift, and they love it.
544: This is the 2nd one I have the speakers  are clear I am very pleased with this product.
545: Alexa is a great companion to have! She does what I ask with no back-talking!
546: works well, and every day more and more you can do with echo
547: I have several of these as well as newer versions that Amazon now sells. They all work well but you do have to learn to deal with speaking to Alexa the bot.
548: Product worked great and was in perfect condition
549: I own several echoes and this review is based on. This one is a giftfor my granddaughter
550: GOOD PRODUCT  but I though that yours had a blue tooth speaker  I   jhave  already purchased 3 like yours and would like return your unopened one
551: Got it hooked up with-in mins of opening the package and she linked to my home
552: Love my echo dot! Use it every day!
553: Love this product. Arrived exactly as advertised, new condition, right out of the box.
554: Product works great I would buy another one
555: Great product, one in every room of the house.
556: awesome product good value
557: Love how easy it's to connect to music system or larger speaker!
558: Great product for the price. It is great to keep up with news or play your favorite music.
559: This is about as close to magic as I think you can get!Thank you technology!
560: I have 5 of these hooked up to amps and speakers all over the house, they improved my smart house system dramatically
561: It’s a very great product and I’m loving it
562: Came working good and one day early.
563: Fast ship, love it!!!!
564: Music, timer, answered questions. What more could you want.
565: Amazing sound from such a small item! Wow from Vivaldi to the stones!
566: Not in original box, but came with everything and very well packaged! And works great! Thanks
567: We already had one Echo Dot 2nd Gen and we liked it so that is why l bought two more
568: I use it to find out the temperature and tell me where to find my phone that I’ve misplaced! 
569: Wanted 2nd generation to fit into a wall mount.  This was new in box, worked perfectly.
570: Easy to setup and really good quality. Alexa is very capable.
571: Great sounding.  Hooked it into a 40 year old stereo receiver via the aux port and now have WIFI radio to fill a room.
572: It works just the way I want it to
573: Works fine I use it on my back porch
574: Oene of the best purchases I ever made
575: Is awesome a must get
576: I love it
577: Works good
578: Love it. GREAT gift to people of all ages.
579: The sound is horrible. And my little 3$ China stereo plays louder.
580: I love it
581: It's fine. Sometimes I have to say something more than once. But for the price I paid it's okay.
582: Only thing that I don't like is the speaker is very quiet, but a Bluetooth speaker takes care of that.
583: Our second Echo dot, we are learning more and more ways to use Alexa. A great tool.
584: Love it. Inexpesive, fun little device to have!
585: Got it quick, works great, no issues. Thankyou so much.
586: use in my shop. great
587: I love it
588: I like it pretty good and it's something new to me
589: My item works, and I'm glad I purchased it. My grandbaby is enjoying talking to Alexa.
590: We love our Alexa! We highly recommend it.
591: The Echo 2 while a little older performs great. Does everything it’s intended to do. Easy set up. Reliable.
592: We love it
593: For its size the sound is not bad. With the outlet hanger you don't even notice it. The price is reasonable.
594: Love the new speaker sound and rubber base so my cat can't slide it off my desk.
595: It only takes one word, “FANTASTIC “
596: The unit is great, does everything advertised plus more. I highly recommend.
597: it was new, works great. This is my 4th to control smart house functions.
598: What can I say, Alexa is great.
599: Awesome! Having a blast with it!
600: Good quality refurbished Echo dot
601: Works Like a dream!  Just the little thing I needed to place around the house to help me with daily task.
602: Awesome product
603: Excited about using it thanks fast ship
604: I love that dot it is so convenient, I like it a lot.
605: Just as described very good product really enjoy it
606: echo dot is a cheap way to get into the smart home game, works with so many other smart home devices
607: Good quality. Was easy to connect
608: Received as a Christmas gift. Easy set-up. I like it so far
609: Good product with basic features of Alexa.
610: my son loves this gift
611: Echo Dot is awesome. It works perfectly and was a great deal
612: Small but works exactly the same as its larger brother.
613: Love the Echo Dot!!  Sound is great and the size is perfect.
614: Great product and price.
615: I am very happy with this purchase and model. Great value.
616: Got a great deal and it does everything that I wanted it to
617: Not very good sound
618: See title, don't have it, don't know when, if at all, I will have it.Will update this review, fairly, at that time.
619: Worked  as expected
620: The sound does not have enough bass . it works fine but sound quality of the sound is a high pitch.
621: Very nice.  Works great.
622: Basic model, does what I need.
623: Listing was as described, great product!
624: Just love it.  I have several
625: Love it, fast shipping good value!
626: Have a lot of fun with it use it all day all the time
627: Great deal
628: nice unit but has the next generation is already out and the difference in price was four dollars.
629: Always nice to have music all over the  property!!
630: Great product and readily available to ask questions, set timers and even set your alarm
631: I love it!!
632: Love the price and it works great just what I wanted thanks moterhome 39
633: It exceeded my expectations. I was able to turn home into a smart home. Much better than Google.
634: This is a great product!
635: The Echo Dot provides ability to answer questions and is barely visible.  Settled Scrabble Words being Valid.  A response to How’s the Weather
636: Absolutely works fine. Good our has.
637: Sounds good.   Good  condition. It works as stated.
638: Awesome, I liked it alot!
639: Great purchase fast shipping
640: Low price and good value
641: It's a gift don't know how it works.
642: Just buy the tower. Poor speaker quality, can't hear a lot of commands. While yelling at the dot the tower in the next room heard and answered before the dot did
643: I would definitely like it better if i knew what it could do and how to use it properly
644: Easy to use, small space needed! Fits anywhere!
645: As described works great
646: My sister loves her new Echo!!!
647: Love the way it works
648: Works great and a good value
649: Item is refurbished but looks like new
650: my granddaughter loves it
651: Love it, easy to set up, and shipping was quick!!
652: Love my Echo Dot. Perfect for my bathrooms
653: It's a great product
654: Very nice unit, glad i purchased it, would recommend y’all to anyone. Thank you very much
655: Works well....
656: It didnt come with a power adapter
657: Speaker cracks at high volume. Otherwise fine. 
658: Arrived properly and is working well￼
659: Amazing delivery time! I love it!
660: There was no power cord. That was inconvenient and required us waiting to use the product.
661: outstanding
662: Good to own. Very smart responses. Can play all kind of music. Good companion.
663: I think the only limit is your imagination and enunciation
664: This was a gift for my granddaughter. She luved it right away and retired to her bedroom to quickly charge it to talk to it.
665: Recommended
666: good sound and works good
667: It’s like having a smart DJ that you can ask anything lol
668: Very user friendly...
669: Should have purchased the third generation for a few dollars more. I’m not satisfied
670: Great product. As described.
671: I love love love it thank you so much.
672: Works great and is convenient to use.  Helpful to just ask Alexa.....
673: Easy to use.
674: The Echo dot works great and came in like new condition 
675: Fast and easy !
676: It’s a hoot!  Get one!
677: My daughter loves it so much.
678: It works great & the price was right, plus it arrived quickly!
679: Love love love it
680: And I love it!
681: I love it
682: Work great but recommend the Show cost money to link to other Echo devises
683: Gave this to my son for his 40th! He says it's the best gift he's ever had!
684: Super handy to have. Use it for music and weather mostly.
685: good experience...thanx.
686: great price, just what I needed
687: Works fine have 3 of them
688: It was easy to install. I wish the speaker was louder but it’s good. 
689: Use alexa on a regular basis...have one in the kitchen...best kitchen timer. Hands free
690: Good product at a fair price
691: I wouldn't give him for the world
692: One of the best products I’ve ever purchased! I love my Alexa!!!
693: The greatest invention of my lifetime. I cannot imagine a life without it!
694: Small and easy to use, great around the house.
695: Very good i love it
696: Good product and price.
697: Will not work at all
698: Working well, I love it, thank you... 
699: Great product.
700: bought as a gift. they enjoy it very much,
701: We're very pleased with the Echo. Alexa give me a thirty minute timer. . . . . Alexa play Watermelon Man.
702: It does not work ! It will not download & does not connect to Alexa app. I hate it !
703: Just want I was expecting! Compact but gets the job done
704: Echo Dot works great for a low price.
705: Device was new in box, arrived on time, but has a hard time staying connected to WiFi even when signal is strong
706: Works like the rest of my echoes
707: Can get lots of answers to questions and such.
708: It's awesome love it and thank u so much
709: Greatest thing since flyswatters to keep the kids to a dull roar. :)
710: Work as well as the 3rd generation echo dot with a cheaper price
711: The Gen 2 is just as good as the Gen 3 and half the price!
712: Great and fast service!
713: Works just as good as the new one I bought but for less the cost....
714: Good quality, does what you expect.
715: Just like new.  Works as it was designed.
716: It's great I have one now on every part of the house
717: Its decent but should get the 3 or 4 gen one. I like it bc it blends in with my setup
718: Packaged as expected and set up within 5 minutes
719: Great i shouldve ordered 2
720: A great product
721: Its ok  not  too  good.
722: all ok
723: Family love's it
724: Great new product
725: Nothing much to sayWe love it lol
726: I just got my echo dot today it’s just like the description to the T
727: Great to use for music, sports , news etc.
728: My 9 years old love it ,
729: Hands free lists are the best!
730: Great product at a great price.
731: It's great
732: This is good quality.
733: Was not the easiest to set up but really enjoy Alexa
734: Amazing device, looking forward to future peripherals.  User must put in necessary time with this device in learning/teaching mode to get maximum benefits.
735: Can’t beat the price. I like the older dots because the have less bass and more treble.
736: Works as expected, I have four. Use between garage and truck
737: Great product and I did receive it on time.
738: Good product very reasonable,  shipped/received quickly.
739: Good quality worth my money
740: It's exactly what I wanted. Just wish it was louder...
741: Love it
742: Nicer than expected, worked perfectly to set up. 
743: Easy to set up, good quality, affordable
744: Works like new , excellent product
745: Good deal, I listen to mine every night.
746: Works well!
747: You can ask Alexa most anything and she will give the answer and even play music
748: nice. works well. came fast
749: good product!
750: Excellent product! Great price!
751: Five stars
752: Thanks
753: i meets all of my expectations
754: its goodi like it
755: Use these units all the time
756: works  great
757: Received and performed as expected.
758: nice experience to start with smart home
759: The device would not connect to any wifi...it had an error DEVICE UNDISCOVERED
760: I love it
761: Thank you 
762: This is a good product for the money it's especially good if you like music because if you have a song in your head just ask Alexa and she will play it ...Luv this product..
763: Worked great!
764: I love Alexa 
765: I love it
766: my dad is blind and this has helped out so much
767: Works well but if you want it to perform better then you will need to get some type of smart hub to link your smart devices to the echo.
768: works great
769: Product as stated.  It's installed and working fine.
770: awesome product it is everything i wanted
771: Works great just need to make sure you update it
772: Excellent product.  Very clear voice. Love it
773: Great price and works well.
774: I love these Echo Dots
775: Great got it for our bedroom so we could listen to music!
776: Just what I wanted
777: Works well. Good price.
778: Came early and good quality!
779: Great Product and good value
780: Everything worked out great and I love the product...
781: Has not been able to answer a lot of our questions, we don't use it much, but we are not high tech.
782: For my Granddaughter she love Alexa
783: Works seamlessly and has a decent speaker
784: Awesome and works great. Just what I was hoping for. 
785: Very nice amazon echo for a gift
786: Great product. This my third one
787: Works great, exactly what I needed
788: love it!
789: The problem is simple and should have been cited. The unit only operates with A US apple account !
790: Very well pleased! Item is just as described 😊
791: Great product
792: I can't get it to work. It is too complicated to make it work. Junk.
793: It is great like it alot
794: Working great
795: Just what I wanted thank you
796: Great product
797: Works Great ,I have 4 and all WORK AS I NEED 
798: it disabled my wireless camera had to diconnect it have not hooked it back up
799: Have several in my house to control lights and are fun to use.
800: My second one
801: You have to purchase other addon's to make this stupid thing worth it. No happy at all
802: The echo gen 2 product works perfectly.
803: Works great, no issues, registered fine.
804: Exelent product !
805: Great little device but only bought it for it’s “guard” function.
806: It's e real deal! Genuine Amazon Echo Dot gen 2.
807: Works that’s good enough for me
808: Play good and clear
809: Works just fine
810: Woks well came packaged great
811: Fast shipping! Loving it so far! :)
812: best since sliced bread
813: Great unit and a great price !
814: Unit is scratched not new as in description let's see if it works
815: I asked for a lower price and he gave me a deeper discount
816: Wonderful gift!!! Works fantastic. Thank you
817: I love it
818: I literally cancelled two mins after I ordered. Still shipped 12 hrs later and took my money
819: Good quality, nothing wrong 
820: Very happy
821: Came quick, works great
822: The shipping was late but other than that good device
823: Product is good, thanks
824: Love it.
825: Nice little gadget!!
826: Pairs up with my Alexa Show.
827: Great price!
828: Great gadget. Setup was a breeze and it performs exactly as it's supposed to.
829: It works just as intended. Shipped quickly too. 
830: This Alexa gives winning sports bets!   
831: The product was above our expectation from the price. The speaker showed up on quickly
832: Works great.
833: Love it!
834: Very happy with this purchase
835: Very please with my Echo Dot was exactly what was described.
836: It is great value.  Could not believe the price and got it fast.  Very happy.
837: it helps me with any questions I have
838: I was a little hesitant with buying this but it works perfectly fine I really recommend 👍😌peridot 😎
839: Great product just as described
840: My Google assistant on my phone knows more than Alexa , but it is a fun toy and handy for a quick question.
841: Now that I have them all thru the house I wouldn’t want to live without them!
842: Good product just the same as you would buy in the store at a higher price.
843: You will never be bored with it.Helps you a lot and save you time.
844: Works great
845: works like it should
846: Excellent source of information
847: It helps a lot in home
848: Love the product, quick shipping, would definitely buy again.
849: small but powerful
850: I live how you can ask Alexa anything and she will answer you.
851: Work good.
852: Very practical and useful voice activated device.
853: Work very well dropped into my speaker 🔈
854: Good deal!
855: Works great. No problem finding a power supply for it.
856: Its works good
857: Great price !!
858: Very happy with product
859: Wonderful way to have current info at your fingertips.
860: Alexa is awesome this is my second one..
861: But if you are paying over 50 do not get the 2nd gen the 3rd gen is the exact price
862: great product at a great price .
863: This is super fun for the whole family.
864: I like the product very informative for all my needs
865: Best deal for the price
866: Worked as advertised at a more than reasonable price.
867: Simply amazing and great value !
868: I have 5 of them.  Excellent product
869: This was a used item and couldn't be reset. It doesn't work
870: Great
871: Good product, good value.
872: Love my echo
873: I needed one for the garage. 
874: Works great
875: to much of a problem to set up.
876: It works great!!I liove it!
877: Was like little computer ask and you learn!
878: Great help with spelling
879: Perfect condition just what I wanted.
880: It's everything I expected and more. I will definitely be recommending this to friends and family!
881: Works
882: Nice Product and Received Expeditiously! Thank You!
883: The Echo Dot Works Greaaaat!!! 👌
884: Love it
885: Great product at Great price!
886: Very good product. Works perfect! 
887: Alexa is cool its like having a friend near by
888: not bad at all
889: The more you use it the more you can figure out all the different uses it has. The app help you along the way.
890: Awesome gadget! Works great
891: Nice quality
892: All good.....working great.
893: Love this item so much that I bought 2 of them.
894: Very good product 👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌 works well
895: Very fun and informative. Very spoiling. 
896: A++++
897: Just what I was looking for.
898: Great sound,
899: Love it
900: Love them, this is my third
901: everything i expected
902: It didn’t work when I got it
903: Great product! Does everything it was designed to do.
904: This is my very first Alexa and she’s great!
905: I´m very satisfied with the product.
906: My fifth. Does what I want.
907: Would have been nice if it was in a box not just wrapped in plastic not able to connect
908: Great device! I have several throughout my home!
909: It was a wonderful anniversary gift for my husband
910: Love bout a second  one
911: Great product!
912: Finally moved into the modern world.
913: Awesome experience. Great quality product.
914: Brand new
915: Works like a Champ!
916: Good for the price
917: It performs just like new
918: Alexa works pretty good
919: good quality
920: it worked very well
921: Love my new Dot!
922: Nice to have for every thing
923: The Amazon Echo Dot is very useful in many ways.
924: Works as expected, easy to configure, looks sturdy
925: This is fun. Quality is great.
926: Nice to have in the kitchen for communication.
927: Very helpful with my wife.
928: It’s not working on my iPhone 13 pro I need to give it back 
929: Good product.
930: Getting what you are expecting and paying for.
931: Works perfect
932: Well, the discovering process was not working the way it supposed to and that was kind of weird
933: Everything works perfect and as advertised!
934: It’s new!!! Love it. Quick shipping and well packaged.
935: Great product!
936: Love it!
937: Great for the value
938: Buen articulo,
939: Great product
940: Works perfect and is great cosmetically. Would recommend!
941: Ok
942: I play on my Alexa all the time.
943: Item just as described. Quick delivery. 
944: Works prefect
945: Works great for my wife out on the patio
946: Plays great
947: Had to return it because it didn’t work
948: Thank you
949: AN AWESOME PRODUCT AT A GREAT PRICE.... THANK YOU AGAIN.
950: Great price, arrived on time.
951: Love my echo, only down Fall is the volume.
952: Perfect
953: Great product Great price
954: You buy a white Echo, but get a black cord.    Engineers are not very good on that one!!!
955: Arrived fast & in perfect condition!!
956: It is exactly what I was looking for and more than I expected.
957: Worked right away.
958: only speaks in english and spanish i changed the menu but she goes to english i don't recommend it
959: Very nice works great
960: Matches the other ones I have!  
961: perfect for my needs
962: works for me
963: Good gift..
964: Absolutely as described. Works great.
965: Very satisfied with the Echo Dot.
966: To does what u tell it
967: does not connect
968: My home info site it's great 
969: Very handy and useful.
970: Worked as expected.
971: Love it
972: The product is okay. Nothing more, nothing less due to the simple fact of it not being as advance as I was expecting.
973: This works exactly as I expected it to.
974: Awesome
975: Though I haven't tried it yet, it cane in a timely manner and is just what I ordered
976: This is my 6th Dot.  I'm very happy with all of them.
977: This is a Great value and condition echo dot 2
978: she is the best
979: Five star
980: Love it!  So many different uses.
981: Nice
982: Love the product.
983: Love it
984: Very good 
985: The sound on this echo 2 is really awful . Should have just spent the extra money and bought the 3 generation  echo dot
986: Works great
987: Great
988: It was exactly what I thought it would be.
989: Omg it’s the best// I’m a music lover so as for me is the best goo
990: Excellent product and good value.
991: Awesome
992: Whoop whoop! ExcellentReads to my 9 yo as she falls asleep
993: All good thanks
994: Great Product!!!
995: Works good and nice
996: Excellent condition, extremely satisfied, would highly recommend
997: reasonably inexpensive and easy to install
998: Love it
999: Awesome addition to my Alexa family!
1000: I am 100 per cent happy.    I think the older folks that are in rest home  should have a echo dot Alexa would cheer the old timers up I think they would like talking to alexa
1001: Best prices and best value 👍
1002: Just received today and impressed with it and the instructions are easy.
1003: Very noce
1004: does what i need it for
1005: Works fine as intended. TY!
1006: Would not work - registered to someone else
1007: It's perfect
1008: Nice item.
1009: I needed a new one and it is perfect.
1010: Works wonderful
1011: OK.
1012: Worked as described
1013: nice
1014: Works great
1015: What a good price
1016: very handy
1017: Great product 
1018: Excellent product and works as expected.
1019: So fast and they gave me a discount so thank you 😊
1020: Very nice!👍😃👍
1021: Great item speedy shipping thanks
1022: Good
1023: Better then what we thought
1024: Doesn't connect to my streaming accounts even though the are all through Amazon
1025: Thank you. Great product.
1026: Can not get on line with it in can not get any help
1027: Works fine but you have to be careful talking anywhere near it.
1028: Thank you
1029: Horrible product
1030: Dope as hell.
1031: Because it is just what I was looking for
1032: Happy with product!
1033: Great gadget!
1034: It's an Alexa, that shouldn't require any more info.
1035: Great item!
1036: Works great thanks
1037: Everyone Should Buy One.
1038: it works very well i am pleased
1039: Love it!
1040: Perfect
1041: I needed a 2nd generation for a speaker I got for Xmas.
1042: Great
1043: Awesome. A 5-star product.
1044: I was better product than I expected.
1045: Works great
1046: Love it works great
1047: Love the product
1048: Would not recommend. Was unable to charge my echo 
1049: works perfectly with my other Alexa products.
1050: Great great great happy I did it
1051: It's great.
1052: Awesome
1053: Unit doesn’t workUnable to connect to wif
1054: No receipt of product in two months since it was ordered.
1055: Thank you
1056: Very nice device
1057: works great
1058: Really enjoying the convenience.
1059: Love mine.
1060: Works great !!
1061: Love this!
1062: You should buy one
1063: It's great thanks
1064: Love it 
1065: Very Good
1066: Works great 
1067: It's does everything and more. Just what I needed
1068: Easy to install 
1069: Happy with it works great is there shipping appreciate it
1070: Just what expected 
1071: Thank-you
1072: Price is a winner
1073: As advertised
1074: Cooking is so much easier
1075: Love it. Ty !!
1076: Great value on the bundle
1077: Than you
1078: Thanks!
1079: Not
1080: The Amazon Alexa is alright I just thought she was more knowledgeable that's all.
1081: Great product!
1082: Finally showed up 2 days after it was suppose to. Good product
1083: Works Great!
1084: As expected
1085: It is only the 2nd Gen but it works like a champ.
1086: Works as should
1087: Works great
1088: not happy with this product, over rated not worth the money
1089: It does everything it supposed to do and looks new
1090: I gifted the product
1091: Dot as described and works perfectly.
1092: Thanks!
1093: item worked as indicated
1094: Worth the price.
1095: Great. Highly recommended. Thanks a lot!
1096: Arrived 3 days early, EXCELLENT!!!
1097: new to us.  great toy.
1098: Thanks for the item!
1099: everything was excellent!
1100: It does not go loud and I can’t really hear it when I play music on it so my boyfriend went and bought a big echo speaker it is loud I love it
1101: Excellent packaging!!!  Works like a champ!!!
1102: Thank you
1103: Small, but powerful!
1104: niopl
1105: Awesome!
1106: Its great
1107: Great
1108: Very well!
1109: Awesome
1110: I can’t get it to work
1111: Perfect
1112: Great for the price.  Thank you
1113: Does just as advertised.I’m enjoying it.
1114: Great
1115: Just as expected but shipping was slower than expected for the cost of shipping.
1116: Exellent, i am very satisfide!! Great stuff!
1117: Works perfect!
1118: Ask Alexa anything!!
1119: Affordable and Pretty neat. So worth it
1120: Very Good
1121: All good. 
1122: Great
1123: As expected, thank you.
1124: Bought as a gift
1125: Using 4 Echo devices now for streaming radio.
1126: Thank you
1127: Work as expected.
1128: Everything was great
1129: Great
1130: It was broken out of the box. Sent it back.
1131: Thanks
1132: I like it and enjoy it!
1133: Love it
1134: It was so worth the money
1135: Work as expected!
1136: Great
1137: Awesome i like it a lots 
1138: 10/10 across the board!
1139: Great
1140: As described. No problems
1141: Love listening to it.
1142: It’s exactly what i ask for.
1143: Perfect awesome👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
1144: The one I bought was Defective
1145: Got what I ordered,
1146: Functional
1147: Awesome
1148: Don't speak spanish.
1149: Works exactly as advertised.
1150: I absolutely love my Amazon Echo Dot!!!!
1151: This is Not Awesome 
1152: Love it
1153: it takes a long time to send it
1154: It’s in great condition with minor scratches
1155: It only stays on while plugged in
1156: Product was received without power cord.
1157: Works Perfectly!
1158: Awesome Digital Personal Assistant!
1159: So convient and versatile.
1160: does everything correctly
1161: Great product. Delivered in a timely manner
1162: Exactly what I ordered
1163: It is what I exoected
1164: Easy to set up and easy to use.
1165: highly recommended
1166: This product is refurbished
1167: i cant get it to turn on i trashed it
1168: Better than expected 
1169: Fun and easy to use.
1170: Too much fun awesome gift.
1171: Works great, i love it
1172: Works very well
1173: This is actually a gift. Hope the person likes it as she made mention of it all through Christmas. She didn't just dropped hints, she shouted it in our ears LOL. She will like it.
1174: ...... Great for music.
1175: Bought this for my brother anhe said it works great.
1176: It is everything I expected and more. It is definitely entertaining.
1177: It is just as useful to me as newer gen and cost much less.
1178: Was everything I expected it to be!
1179: Got here very fast love the echo dot thanks guys
1180: It's just like Siri and cortana I like it anyway
1181: It was everything I expected!
1182: no instructions
1183: i love this product it’s very useful when you are in a rush!!
1184: Great Xmas gift
1185: It works just as I thought it should!
1186: Thank you!
1187: Bought this as a present for my sis.Don't know much about it.
1188: Missed out the first edition, glad I waited!
1189: it okThey must do an update in Spanish
1190: let me talk to yah.first the f'ing thing works when it wants to hard a F--- to get connected to the F'ing internet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1191: Fast shipping, great echo dot. Love it.
1192: Love it
1193: THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL YOUR HELP!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
1194: Was a gift.she was happy.
1195: It is simple and fun.
1196: Love this item
1197: very interesting little gadet,
1198: Vary good for cooking and reminders
1199: Delivered earlierExelent
1200: it could not be downloaded,,had to send it back/...............
1201: It won’t link up to wifi or my echo box. I’ve tried everything it tells me
1202: It is dead
1203: Fast
1204: Awesome product. Got it yesterday and loveit. Can do just about anything.
1205: Este nuevo gadget de Amazon tiene varios inconvenientes: No es fácil configurar porque No puedes bajar en México  el app Alexa  Amazon y los app existentes son deficientes ,no puedes manejarlo en el idioma castellano,la cobertura en la distancia es muy limitado teniendo que usar el celular, la información también es limitada, el precio es alto para lo que ofrece; para música tienes que pagar sitios de Amazon o Tunein. No lo recomiendo en la actualidad, quizás mejore en el futuro y urge que Amazon libere el app de Alexa en México.Read full review...
1206: All good.
1207: Good
1208: Awesome eBay’er!!!!
1209: works well
1210: Excelente compra estoy bien contento con esta compra 
1211: Good value and it works well.
1212: Awesome
1213: Great product 
1214: works like it should
1215: Nice unit good price
1216: Very convenient 
1217: very good
1218: Good
1219: Super
1220: works great
1221: Excellent
1222: i like my alexa
1223: a++++
1224: works well
1225: GREAT ECHO DOT, LOVE IT.
1226: love it
1227: awesome
1228: Works great
1229: Excellant love it
1230: I like it very much
1231: excelente
1232: Muy buena y me gusta mucho.
1233: Great product
1234: Es buen aparato
1235: works great
1236: zippee ity do da and a razzle dazzle!!~
1237: Works good
1238: love it
1239: Me mantiene al día ;Gracias
1240: Llego rápido y en muy buen estado. Se escucha muy bien. Fácil d entender. Muy feliz ! Gracias!
1241: crazy fun for me
1242: Works like brand new.
1243: Excelente
1244: Es práctico y entretenido.
1245: Good equipment
1246: I love it
1247: 5star
1248: great product
1249: Good value, works well.
1250: Excellent product 
1251: good
1252: very entertaining
1253: awesome
1254: fun
1255: Great device
1256: excelente el producto, todo bieb
1257: 👍it's good like I love it
1258: Love it love it love it love it love it love it love it!!!
1259: LOVE!!!
1260: Fun
1261: Hace tiempo esperaba y quería este producto, y en su versión mas pequeña, hoy lo recibí y veo y comparo, tiene una excelente calidad, precio y viene súper bien protegido, lo recomiendo ampliamente y aun mas por su tamaño tan accesible y transportarle...!!!Ademas de que siempre obtienes buena comunicación con cualquier duda🙂👌🏼Read full review...
1262: Alexa é ótima. Pena que o app não está disponível no Brasil.
1263: Great product just love it
1264: It's fun to use Especially when Spotify is connected.
1265: The price was right and arrived in plenty of time for Christmas
1266: LOVE THIS THING!
1267: Nice
1268: easy to use, fun to ask questions.
1269: Love it
1270: This was a gift for my daughter. She has thanked me many times and is well satisfied.
1271: Very entertaining. We like it
1272: I love my echo dot. 
1273: Nice
1274: Great price nice product
1275: For a 1st time buyer I like it
1276: just like it
1277: Me ha ayudado en resultados deportivos, despertarme. El único inconveniente es que solo recibe indicaciones en inglés ... lo cual no facilita su operación.
1278: Not support in here but useful skills still work well.
1279: Nice product
1280: All works 
1281: La verdad es un buen producto, pero solo esta y entiende en ingles, lo compre pensando que se podia configurar el español, si eso no te interesa, cómpralo 
1282: Lo venden sin decir que no podremos cambiar a español el idioma sabiendo que lo compras en donde se hablan en español y así lo venden
