Excellent product. Holds the paddle firmly but, it's easy to access. Would definitely recommend it. And great price point.

Set up right out of the box was simple and easy using the Alexa App and in no time at all was listening to Christmas, country, and rock tunes.  The sound is awesome from such a tiny device.  Very impressive!

I love it, and I have it every day.  Playing the music, I love to listen to can also be used for many other things.  I just wouldn't put any financial on the dot or personal business and just common sense. 

Awesome sound quality.  Easy to install. Many usable features. I am getting one for every room.

The sound is so much clearer and better than the old echo dot.  I think that's the best feature.

I got it at a good price but like many things I think it is over priced. The sounds seems good but not greatly improved from my flat echo dots.Not sorry I bought it but not doing hand springs.

Fun too have!  Gives out great information, puts a smile on my face, and even makes me laugh out loud!  She speaks kind words and makes sense. 

This was easy to set up. Wife took it to work and set it up in less than 10 minute and linked it so she can use shopping list at home and at work. Thinking about getting a second one for home.

Loving this echo dot. It is small enough to put in a shelf in my kitchen. The sound is great. Plays louder than I thought it would. Paired it with my iPhone and I can listen to music, podcasts or audio books. Love it! Read full review...

I got my first (Alexa) device for the tv room. I liked it so much that I got a second one for the master bedroom. It allows me to read late at night and still listen to the music I love. I’m a pretty happy camper.Read full review...

May be small but she puts out a big sound in my garage I love this thing ❤️ The price was unbeatable 🎉

Great sound and easy to install .  love my echo dot ! 

While my musical tastes tend toward the eclectic, my Echo has kept up with my requests without complaints, offering options when my requests could be met by things of which I was unaware. Although, I am surprised to find P.D.Q, Bach is not among the offerings. J.S. Bach comes close as a substitute.  Read full review...

These are so entertaining!  Love to listen to old songs that I haven’t heard in years. Great for the weather and the latest news. 

I like how they sound and look. They are easy to set up and enjoy. One wakes me up with a nice musical tone. Well worth the money.

Great Product !!! I will order again !!!

I have needed this for the longest time. Being handicap this has made other smart things more easily accessible. This is the base for many future purchases 

I had a gen 3 and it was pretty good, this one sounds better.

I purchased the Echo dot to use with my Shark IQ robot. Have allot to learn about technology. Makes my day a little brighter, fun to use.

I believe i have 18 echo devices in my home,car and garage and I love them all. I have everything in the house wired.

Easy to set up, great sound, and so convenient. I love being able to call my kids in their room (no cell phones in rooms) without having to yell repeatedly for them. 

This one I placed in my shop. It’s very handy if I need to do some numbers. Now I just ask Alexa. 

Absolutely love this!!! Has made things so much easier with the kids and the house. Thank you!!! The price was definitely worth it!!!

Absolutely love this..easy setup and easier to use..

Love the new dot. Great sound easy to program make it easy to make your home a smart home

Easy to set up and easy to use.  The sound has high quality.

My granddaughter is going to love it!Adorable! Thank you!

really cool little device.  sounds great when music is on, large variety of music stations works on wifi out in my garage wich is pretty far from the house.  so far i enjoy this product

Amazon has really improved their Echo Dots.  I bought the first Generation and am so glad Zi upgraded.

I thought this model showed the time. it does not. that's my fault for not doing proper research

Recently got it but so far its great.Im loving it.Especially my choice of music, Havent set it up t yet to the other possibilities and capabiility it has light turning on the the tv and lights.

Such a wonderful gift that will bring calm and serenity to a Nee Year 

I loved my old Dot it just needed and upgrade, So this is great and even got here before i was told it would!!  THX

Easy setting and to linking with other devices.

Very nice quality and sound although I did have a bit of a stumble trying to get it registered but after downloading the Alexa app it was a breeze!

Excellent condition

It sound good great purchase I'm happy 

Easy to install. Easy to instruct it and no problems. Love everything about it. Any age can manage it. Bought a second one for my son. 

It's an echo dot what's to say, noticeable better sound than last gen

I bought this one as an "open box". looks and work like new. This is a handy gadget!

This Echo Dot is a good smart speaker with nice look.  I did not need one to display time, or to have a screen.

This echo dot has so many different functions and it does just about everything. Still discovering new blueprints and routines. 

It works great as intended to work. It's worth the money. Works great with my cell phone.

I love it and it makes,life's questions so much easier.

very easy too work with and I am 76 years and can set it up. Enjoying every minute with this...

Useful smart speaker. Alexa can do many things. 

I had an excellent experience buying this item I highly recommend it

This item would not connect to to the show even with  Technical support Perhaps with the newer products it would work but not with the older show Even Text support could not figure it out

I wanted an Echo with better sound for playing music than the smaller hockey puck Dot. This suited my needs perfectly.

It came in very good shape it's a christmas present for my brother

Great buy. Works great with Eufy door cameras for announcing persons at the door prior to them ringing the door bell. 

Won't connect to my home network now matter how many times I try, connects through the network it comes with but won't work. What a disappointment.

Nice design, more compact than the image implies, wonderful sound 

EASIER TO USE THAN EXPECTED BUT WAS VERY DIFFICULT TO PROGRAM AND SET UP.

This item is fantastic.  The sound is great.  It works very well.  I love it!

It was a gift and they really liked it  easy to set up

Nice item good stuff 

Based on the descriptions I truly expected the sound to be a lot better I’m a bit disappointing

This speaker works a lot better than the last one that I bought ￼

Like the sensor for off and on lighting of the candle.

I didn't realize how much I needed it 

Packaging was crappy and bad as it could get. But the product on the inside looked new and unused. Although the package was already opened. But so far so good. It does work and I haven't had any issues yetRead full review...

The product looks solid although it’s been difficult  setting up.

Reliable, simple to use.

Love my echo!  Use it as my alarm clock most mornings. Sound for music is great.

This unit is compact but has great sound 

Very nice product and fast set up. Very good sound quality.

i cant wait to use it

Perfect for my kid, we love it 😍 

My second one great sound and Alexa functionality

I have not had  much time with it

Works great.  Easy to set up.  Awesome speaker from such a small device.

Very good product my son is very happy

Easy set up and operation.

Excellent!!! Cheaper than Amazon. Buy this Alexa 

If you want the latest gadget at home, then you must buy something like this. I recommend it.

I love it. 💕

Very good product at a decent price. We love it

Good value for the sound and music quality

Gives me more information then I expected.

The wife loves it.

It is easy and reliable

Good sound small footprint 

I have enjoyed using my Alexa.

Works great in kitchen while playing stero on our other 7 echos.

Great to keep things looking clean and out of the way.

My daughter loves her Echo 4's!

very happy with purches

Amazing sound for something so small. Setup was a breeze.

I love it and appreciate the deal!￼

Speakers are fine, assuming you’re not an audiophile. I got mine three for the price of one. 

Very disappointed with the sound of these “speakers”. They sound like one of the am radios I had when I was a kid. The previous generation speakers sound MUCH better. 

Really great speaker with BIG sound!!!

Very good smart home 

Awesome product. Love it. My companion and my friend in my room. 

They are so stinkin cute!

This is small size than echo 4th but sound very good.

Better sound than gen 3.  EZ setup.

Great product! Integrate well with Ecobee. 

Good quality would buy again.

Sound is better,

Great Product Great Price Great Deal

Nice to have a know it all in the house! Very knowledgeable device!

Good price, lots of fun stuff to do with it!

Sounds good for a small  speaker.

I've wanted to purchase this for a while.  Glad I finally did.

Miss the clock on front.

Easily set up

I love it it's great 👍

Perfect fit & well made.

Came fast 

Good sound from a little device. 

Excellent product, very reasonable price.  - Recommended. 

I would recommend this product 100% hands down, it's great peace of mind!

Rest sound

Great gadget to have.

Works excellent 

Sound quality doesn’t compare with the full size gen 4 echo

I love it 

This works great along with my homeasistant

Love it! I feel like a friend is accompanying me in the kitchen.

Plugged it in and set everything up in less than 5 minutes.

Yes plug it in and Use it

Love it!

so far, so good!

Great value 

This unit will not play music i ask for.  The 1 & 2 I have will.

Great product. Easy to hook up and use.

I had the 3rd Gen. and now the 4rd Gen. 

The sound is awesome. As good as any other Alexa. 

It is great!

The sound quality is disappointing.All bass no high tones

Item will not connect to any wfi 

Works awesome 

Doesn’t sound as good as old ones

Would not ship via USPS to Guam, USA.

I own 3 of these.  Love them!

Very happy with my new Alexa. 

Good and cheap Alexa devise

I was expecting to listen music without any charges. 

This echo dot is great.

Works well

Generation 4 echo dot with 3.5 mini audio output 

Great sound!

Like , the best.

Good price.  Good quality. 

Pretty cool !

Nice products

worked

Very nice a product for a cheap price 

wiorks as descruibed

Is good

Delivery on time. Easy setup

great sound!

Very helpful

This is very user friendly and fun to use.

It needs a cell phone to set it up.

Works perfect.  Was a gift for my daughter

Great product 

Awesome device.  I fully recommend it.

Works perfectly, just as advertised.

nice one

It is great no 1#

Awesome sauce!

Did not come with power supply.  

Cause it works and there is nothing wrong with it

helps my son with homework

AWESOME

Exactly what I expected. Great price too!!

Very satisfied 

sound quality is horrible!!!

Versatile & informative at the moment you ask it!

the speaker/speakers that talk to you are scratchy and I am unable to understand what is spoken by Alexa. 

It was just like described 💕

Highly recommended 

i really liked the product and come with the sengled light

Good quality.

Very Well

WORKS GREAT  STILL LEARNING TO OPERATE

Excelente DTB!

works great.

I real enjoy it 

Me encantó la Alexa.. envío rápido y muy bien precio.. totalmente nuevo..

Tiene un sonido bueno y es perfecto para escuchar música.

Muy bien producto lo recomiendo 👍

Me encantó, estoy usándolo todos los días!

Muy bueno

Artículo recomendado 

Gracias

es de mucha ayuda

PERFECT

Me encanto

Ya e comprado 3 para mi y familia excelente calidad y sonido estoy facinada

Love my echo dot

Me gusta mucho!!

Muy buen producto

Muy práctico útil se aprende mucha información. Y más.Lo recomiendo. 

Excelente me encanto 

Muy buen equipo

Es muy eficiente para recordarme lo que e olvido entretenido excelente en las respuestas  lo amo

Super nice

I love it

Tiene muy buen sonido

Excelente producto y llegó más rápido de lo que esperaba

EXCELLENT EVERYTHING 

Nice 

great 

Good

Love it!!!

Muy satisfecha con el producto.

Muy bueno

NICE

Se lo obsequié a mi madre por motivo de sus 70 años y está encantada. 

Gracias me encanta 

Muy buenos 

Love Alexa

like it very much

