It got here quickly, and shipping was free which is always nice. My son and I are loving it. We did also get some of the wall plug-ins and we both like that feature. I got the four pack and have only utilized two of them so far but we’ll get to that. I look forward to getting more devices to hook up to our Alexa Echo Dot. 



I love having the Amazon Echo Dot! I have one in almost every room - it makes things so easy like listening to music, adding things to the grocery list, getting the weather, and asking many other facts!

Brother has had one for some time, and it has worked well. Just got mom home from Hospital, and thought it would be nice to have one for her, since she is currently restricted to a hospital bed. So, showing her what it can do. Mom is 82, so not that into it yet. But is a nice thing..

Well firstly I always wanted an Alexa of my own, and when I finally got cash I just thought, Why not order it? So I did just that. Set it up and played music right away. Good Quality, Sounds Great, Works Fairly Well. Love it 😇 

This is my 2nd Echo purchased, for instead of traveling with my Echo when I go to my other home in Florida, felt that it was more convenient to have one there already. And with the great price, felt this was affordable to do.

Bought for my grandson and he loves it

The Purchased this product to replace my echo dot and the sound on this device is great

Great product and have 3 of them scattered around the house.  Wish they would have made an All-weather model to mount outside.  

Great product, easy to set up

I love it

It's a good product for the money 

Got just what I wanted great job

The sound is significantly better than any of the earlier versions 

very practical and easy to install

Works great and sounds great

Thanks I love it‼️‼️😊🥰

Good Price! Fast Ship! AAA+++ 

I love it’s great 

It does work nice.  Easy to setup,

the sound is great

Thank you so much.  The echo is the best found system. 

great sound quality

It’s a great speaker.

￼￼ I’m very pleased. Thank you. 

Not exactly what I thought it was but it meets my needs

Worked just as expected!

Easy to install 

Great little music player. 

Lovely

It works bedder than I thought 

Cheap and very good thank you 

Just what we were looking for

Super happy 

Great product 

Exactly as advertised 

Nice

perfect 

Nice.

Love it

Great product

excelent product

Excelente, como todos los productos de Amazon

I love it👍🏾😁

Excelente

Recomendado

Excelente calidad 

No es la gran oportunidad 

Good 

